9-11, do you need police, fire, and ambulance?
Police.
Where?
Okay, to make Donna from Delaware.
What's going on there?
I ordered a 10-piece chicken nuggets with a small fight,
and she'd say that they didn't have any chicken nuggets.
As far as I told her, I want to make double in a small fight,
and she told me, I don't have to pick anything else off the menu,
because she can't refund me the business at a meal.
And that's one of them would just give me all my money back.
And she said when she can't get me my money back either,
and I have to pick something.
There's no manager there?
Now?
You already spoke with the manager?
She's saying something about she just can't refund me my money or something.
But she don't have one of the million.
What I want, I want it chicken me.
That's so she didn't have that.
So I probably give me a neck double and just find a different.
And she said she can't do that.
So I probably will just give me all my money back,
and I don't want anything.
And she's telling me she can't respond my money in the house.
She don't have what I want.
And she came forth to me and ate something that I don't want it.
What's your name?
Hello.
What's your name?
Matrice Goodman.
Matricia?
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
82048.
Good.
All right, I'll send an officer.
Okay, thank you.
Yeah, okay.
911, do you need police fire rescue?
Police.
How can I help you?
I'm calling.
I lead to McDonald's on U.S. 1,
or off U.S.1 by the bridge.
Okay, what's going on there?
At this order for food.
The manual to do is took my money and won't give me my money back.
That's trying to make me get me.
something off the me that I don't want. I order chicken nuggets and they don't have chicken nuggets.
And so I told her to refund, just give me my money back. And she tells me I have to pick
something other than, um, something else off of me. And she's not going to give me my money
back. And she don't have the right to pick one money. You'll come to office right here.
Okay. I'm...
No, I want to police fire ambulance?
Police.
That seems to be the problem.
I call a company Minnesota for police on North McDonald's on North U.S. Y, boy.
Yes, sir.
Close by the bridge.
Okay, what's going on?
I'm to McDonald's and I order the 50s chicken negative in a small price,
and she took my money and gave me the change back,
and then she came back to the counter and said that they're back for having a chicken nugget
before I liked anything out.
I told me, giving them nice price,
they didn't get me a make dabble,
and just seemed a different side of it.
And she told me that she can't do that,
because I want anything up from me.
I told her, no, I want, if you don't have my chicken nuggets,
I want a max double, and it's all fine now.
And she told me, I will have to pick something else for me
that equal to what I paid because she can't do that.
If I told me, just give me all my money back,
I don't want anything.
She told me she's not going to give me my money back.
She can't give me my money back either.
And so she's trying to force me.
to eat something off of me that I don't want.
What's your name?
Latrice.
Latricia?
Uh-huh.
And your phone number is 8020480?
Yeah.
You're at McDonald's on Delaware?
No, not Delaware.
North U.S. 1?
Okay, yeah, we've got an officer coming out there and talk to you.
Okay, thank you.
All right, thanks.
