call one.
Now I'manda's Michelle. How can I help you?
Hi, this is Letitia from the store Big Five on Green Valley.
I have a person that is robbing me right now of my firearms.
I need police to the store immediately.
Okay. Is he still in the store?
He is still in the store and he is getting my gun and he is breaking the lock with tools.
Okay.
Is he white, black or Hispanic?
He is Hispanic.
About how old?
He is born.
He gave me his ID. He actually came to purchase again. And he is 1989. So, I'm 22.
We'll call her shirt or jacket. Huh?
What color shirt or jacket?
He's wearing a black shirt, black jeans. It has writing on his shirt. He's five foot seven, 150 pounds.
Where is he now? He's in the firearms counter and he is thawing away at my firearms.
He's sawing off the gun. He's sawing off the gun in his hand and he's sawing it off.
And he's the back of my firearms counter. I have ammunition. I have everything back there.
What do you mean by sawing off the gun?
He's got a boot, like an electric blade, like a saw blade.
He is sawing my gun in half. He just grabbed the ammunition.
He's actually loading the gun. Please send someone.
Okay. We've been on the way since we started talking.
Okay.
Yeah, he's loading the firearm.
Where are you?
I am in my office looking right at him.
Yeah, it's like that yellow writing on his shirt.
It's like a rasta kind of looking shirt.
Are you open for business?
I am open for business.
He is, he's now walking towards outside the store.
There is a gentleman, there's a customer in front that doesn't even know what's going on.
Okay, where is he now?
He is in the front of the store.
He is walking.
towards the front of the store.
He is not leaving the store.
He is right at my doors.
He is like hovering at my doors.
I think that there is probably maybe he's waiting for some other people and he's going to get more.
Okay, they're on there.
I don't know what the plan is.
It's okay.
Okay.
Okay.
And did you see anyone else with us?
No, he's by himself.
Okay.
And did he load the gun?
He loaded the gun.
Okay.
He sawed in half and loaded the gun.
And he's walking back towards me.
Oh my God, he just fired.
He just fired.
Shots fired.
He just fired.
He's walking back toward me.
What's he shooting at?
I don't know.
I just got underneath the desk.
Okay. That's okay.
we're on our way they should be there momentarily anyone hit do you know not that I
know of I know my cashier duck down she's scared okay they're outside okay
they're coming in okay thank you where is he do you know I don't know I'm
under my desk hiding I'm sorry I'm okay that's okay that's okay I'm just too
I'm just going to stay on the phone with you.
They are outside, okay?
Okay, thank you.
The buzzer went off.
I think he went back into the firearms counter.
We have a buzzer so I can hear.
He's trying to get in my office.
He's trying to be in my office.
Hold on.
I'm going to tell them, okay?
I have two employees out there.
that are unprotected. I'm so scared for them.
That's okay.
Any other shots fired?
No, just one.
Just one shot.
And you heard the alarm go off again?
No, the alarm has to go.
Oh my God, they're yelling.
What?
What do you hear?
Two more shots.
Two more shots.
Two more shots.
Don't want to get down.
He said get down.
He's fighting.
He's fighting.
He's yelling until, oh, my God, he's shooting again.
Please.
Oh, my God.
Okay, ma'am, I just, the guy that had the gun is down right now, okay?
Okay.
Okay, so you're okay at this moment.
The officers are in there.
Okay, thank you so much.
Stay on the phone with me.
Okay.
Was there ever a second suspect or just that,
just the one man just one man that came in um if i was making the transaction with him and
someone else came in i didn't notice but there was no one else suspicious walking around the
store when i was looking around so i believe it's just him okay so you were making the
transaction and somebody else came in the store i don't know it was just him me and him so i was
making the transaction and usually when i make the transaction when i'm looking around it's just kind of
We're trained to do that to make sure that something like this doesn't go on.
And there was nobody else that came in that looked like it was any connection.
The officers are going to come and knock on the door.
They're going to knock on the door.
They're going to knock on your door, your office.
I'm going to stay on the phone with you until they knock on your door.
Okay.
Hi.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Excuse me.
It was just one hand
