Moving to the basement, 131 Front Street between Maine and North.
Unsure at this time if anyone is injured.
Two, five, and four.
One okay.
One of ten four.
Good by, shots are coming from the second floor, a sandwich still in the building at this time.
It's responding. Stand by and you get a backup there.
In eastern that direction, also.
207-208.
If you're available, move towards the Front Street incident.
This is almost insane.
10-1-6-1-2-2-122.
Signate-Oak in Oak and Main Street stage.
Who's responding to 131 Front Street.
for possible shooting.
1-16-1-22.
Oak Street and Main Street.
To respond to 1-3-1-front-street for a possible shooting.
1035, KKL 5-5-2.
Calls out of it.
One subject we're attempting to re-contact the cell phone.
Okay.
One-six, responding, Oak and Maine, 1035.
The question of the assailant.
Be complete.
Respinal opening stage, 1036.
Have any freaking information?
2-4.
CW. 724.
The car pulls right up to the rear door of the building so it can open.
5-1, what do you think about SWAT?
We'll be right there. Let's see what we got.
Reported two victims of multiple people barricaded in the base.
Okay, headquarters all bang out the SWAT team.
Okay.
The Oakland Street is staged
that they're shooting on front street
but they need to stage at Oak and Maine.
Now that it is the ground floor,
it's going to be a basement and a ground floor.
No second story.
10-4.
2-25 Officer Lavolo.
Do you have enough help in the back?
10-4. There's myself, Miner, and Egan back here.
10-4.
As you get the page-out the SWAT team and also get the numbers of this place and the death sergeant there and take over communications with this building.
Upville.
2.5-2-5.
Notify EMS to stage at Main and Oak Street.
What about you, cap?
Next week.
10.39.
1039.
The AR.
25, Doctor, Taylor, are you in a good position?
225 reported one for a victim that
in the basement were in classes that were being held in basement class.
104.
If you can communicate with anybody from them, have them lock their doors.
There is no lock.
No locks on the doors.
I'm trying to get them to use something to barricade.
104.
3.4.
3.4.0. V.E.A. of arrivals.
234 to 2.25.
All right.
Okay. Just so you're aware of any suspect vehicles
have to rear the door blocking the back door here.
104.2.25 debris.
We'll run that plate number so we have that.
2.5. I have that after.
Captain 4. Check with JCC, see if they have anything on him, any intel.
I can't hear you for it.
Do you want me to have the high school go to Z schedule and keep students in for lunch?
Absolutely.
That's for taken care of.
2.25 to 251.
Stand by. We're going to wait until we get equipment here.
Remina, you're busy if you can set.
want some kind of perimeter setup or what they want from up.
Copy 1-3-1043.
Go down and get a hold to him.
We need a piece of equipment on that truck right away.
44.
Here we see the MS-I-2-44.
Okay, 702-2-9.
Do you have perimeter established or into the committee?
Still trying to establish that, 1045.
Coming to the rear of social services and cut through that way.
Okay.
225.
2.5.
Hi, Mr. Oster.
All you have that's 110.4.6.
Main Street and all shut right off for now.
And North Street also.
I'm looking for assistance shutting down Maine and front.
Main and front.
Not off on North Street.
If you can assist for that.
Green jacket, wet glass is in between.
We believe him to still be in the basement at this time.
That first floor.
Layout of the building.
3.8. Pinkington's looking to get Mane and Oak closed down.
He was going to assist with that until I can get somebody to replace them.
Broome, I'm going to get a yacht in the front. Do you want me to close me in an oak?
If you can assist with that, then my car can slide down.
Yeah, it's true. I'll be...
414 cabinet.
No.
C108 will be there momentarily to assist, closing that down.
And then you can slide down to three's location.
25 to 204.
Do you have enough help down there to maintain that?
Zeroing them out at Maine and Oak.
108-102.
17252.
1785.
7825, did you copy Maiden Murray stage?
825 copies your route to Maiden Murray.
It's one of the subjects that was originally.
104.
Be advised, guys.
You may have somebody cut out the back door.
So keep a lot.
You can fire the stores off barricades and with the suspect's vehicle.
That's what.
Two-five, everybody just keep the heads up.
We don't want to do, we don't know if there's more.
So, uh, do you wear that?
Doe Fash, can we get any wrecker or something to hand this car out of here?
No, leave it different now. That may work in our favor.
That work.
Time for us.
Trying to get out.
Time force.
Use cover, don't, uh, don't do anything foolish, because that does.
The back door standing, thanks to the assailant shot himself.
Before, thank you.
Head cornered on.
By Saturday, Hector, it made the plans to lay out for this building in the swamble, so on.
One of those guys come down through there, have to check.
Got one.
Two-five one.
If there's any contact with people in that building, they didn't believe the
Assembly may have done himself, but tell them to stay put them, we can to get them.
We don't know that. There's no affirmation.
So if you talk to anybody, tell them the state point to them, please come and get them.
65-207, just be going this right now.
All right.
Not yet.
But just tell him to go back in the class.
Let me out of the spot room.
I don't know what they're doing, but I want Tanner here with that van now.
We've got to see who else is there.
Thank you, County.
I've been in service for the scene.
Apparently, I just had information that he left a resident in Haldi Valley
was going to be in a route back over to his grandmother's house
to try to get a ride to mental health.
I'll contact our mental health people.
I have a...
Received a lemon deal amount.
But apparently he just left this Halsey Valley residence.
Five, ten minutes ago, I'm going to swing down Halsey Valley.
Redmond down two.
Will you see if you can get somebody to a trooper or sheriff's deputy to take care of that front north?
There's people walking down.
I just want to make sure they're law enforcement.
Yes, sir.
Three to three three, three.
8-2-25 to roll more enforcement.
The street roll.
138.
138, go ahead.
He assigned 3-3 and 4-4 to any people coming down the street.
You have my DM and just traffic, people traffic.
Top 4.
254-2-25.
5-4.
All right, you got swat coming in from the backside.
Got 4.
141.
You got somebody going to court and water, correct?
Yeah, affirmative.
Shut down on a bridge, no westbound.
If you get the sheriff or stay, please, take Oak Bay Force, please.
Somebody's not by them.
No.E.
Yeah, it's a firm, Broom. I copy Binghamton.
It is shut down, but there's traffic getting out in the parking lots that are headed east.
Copy, I'll try to get you some assistance.
Did you request the tow truck?
Tough for us.
Just put them up the street for now.
Okay.
DSS parking lot and tell them to keep their cell phone on
so Brum can get in touch with them.
Any way you can assist 102A to have me and oak?
That's the fraud director being 1011.07.
At the 207.
You still have contact with the guy at the back door.
He disappeared.
Oak Street back lot of DSF, 104.
An impact, was it a green vehicle?
11.9-580-2-2-2-2-2-coppy.
Tap around themselves, down-roll the alley.
Copy 11-0-9.
Okay, there's a pole camera on the back of a garage.
There's somebody free that can go over to Social Services, look at that video.
Not a present
Billed back
and let her know we're going to be coming in that front door
We're at a form with both now, very tight
2C10
Is emergency traffic only
Okay, brookane car is emergency traffic only
Cars off front street 1114
Pretty good tight
Take up with another ambulance
You've got to just taking your al-vice
146 Cabral.
146, go ahead.
Do you have phone communication with command in Beghamton?
Stay put in front.
Prospect in front.
The perimeter, building is not secure.
Fighting ambulances
come in east of the D.I.
S-S building and that's 30 probably 38 Maine and come around that way.
Do not come up front or yet?
It's just even not secure.
We don't up Main Street.
Going east of the DSS.
117.
117.
Go on.
Treesail line at Moon and Pump House 11818.
Spirit control to 7823,
7821, 7825, 783.
You need to respond up Main Street and go on the east side of DSF.
Do not go up Front Street.
You want to go up Main Street, the east side of DSS.
Go on the room.
Mitchell side to broom.
Somebody keeping track of the people downstairs.
I work still on the line.
If anything, let us know immediately.
Sorry to headquarters.
Three officers, two of them detailed to Wilson Hospital.
It's through the case.
146 if you can copy, they want you to go to front and north and stand by.
And at Wilson Hospital standing by with those victims.
Where the victims are going right away.
Another
Met Team over here?
Could you repeat?
Commission or need more personnel?
That's a 2-25.
2-5.
I've been missed over to transmission, because you check with the State Police
see if they have somebody they can send to Wilson
some personnel.
We're not sure who the suspect is we have a couple
by badies, so they'll take it again.
Anybody they can send them Wilson to us
for us for this time.
5-1, death-form.
Please advise all the hospital.
A major trauma to Wilson,
providing injuries to
General Lourge,
023.
You go ahead and you process
because your GWI,
I'll deal with them when you're done.
I'm going to need an operator
or one available.
For
Wilson, do you need somebody to go to Leroy,
Lord.
That's where.
I guess we've got victims for the Lord's also.
Headquarters to Angeline or Lason, are you tied up with anything?
Okay, go to Roards first.
Go to Lord's.
J.C. has got Wilson covered for the time being.
215, you have enough command.
We got two more ambulances out here on Main Street.
You want them right back there?
Negative heaven going around the...
7.833, Parade 1 to Lourdes, 1128.
EMS sector to Brooms, 4th patient extracted at this time.
They will be in Superior 7.825. I will advise the destination.
Four victims extra cage, Bill 29.
Possibly 20 hostages.
I'm sorry, 1130.
Charge of Florida.
Anyone.
We're going to suspend the EMS program for now other than the incident at Front Street.
Keep the advice if you do get a Delta priority call.
Other than that, we will not be responding EMS units.
I'm trying to what you're spending EMS for them to go.
Did you copy Broom's message as soon as you free up?
Go back to the staging area.
Probably with all personnel, we're getting information that the shooter may still be in the building.
The information we're getting, he's still into the building.
DSS on the Oak Street side parking lot stage there.
7-1-2-2-2-2-2, we're back in the scene, 133.
SRT member report to Highway Patrol.
Okay, clear at 1134.
victim believes that they were a short gun handgun but he's not sure this crow in the basement
so far so good sir okay have they heard any movement down there
receipt brook seven two two five one thirty five
