They're units in the area of Newburgh and 264.
5-4-2, Chairman.
I'm getting out on Newburgh.
They're still in our police car, on town.
Razor case subject has stolen a Mark police car.
He's on Westbound Waterson at this time from Newburgh.
Go ahead.
Channel.
Just be advised in reference to the hold-up alarm at Wendy's that I put out earlier.
There was me chase in a vehicle.
Cool.
Westbound.
Razor K, wipe my car, red and blue strobes.
Continuing 264 westbound.
It's going to be taken 155, we're 1050 and in the ditch.
Raisin okay, he's advising 1050 at Preston in the ditch.
Okay, we're continuing on.
You may he try to make this way back down at wood.
One person highway north-south.
It's equipment 56.21 northbound.
May trying to head back that way.
624-7-0-1-1624.
I'm sorry, correction on the address,
then me 1624-1624.
An equipment number on the police cars,
to me 5621, 562.
The same way is also.
The unit heading for Domenowel.
Okay, Adam.
The fourth division, Adam.
Colin, I couldn't copy.
The 4th Division, we're in the 4th.
4th Division unit, second start for Preston.
411 Adam, I'm pressing any way.
More, John.
This is one right?
No one there.
No.
Go on.
To the vehicle pursuit.
And you're passing Audubon Parkway, past Locust, speed is about 105 miles an hour.
Northbound just across eastern.
Indicate northbound on Preston, passing eastern.
Beavis, they're going to be northbound on Preston, passing Eastern.
Cut over to Shelby, or to Preston.
The advice is going to last point in March.
One out of that we can't look at it.
One circuit is in the Mark car.
Next one.
It's a marked police car.
It's okay. Subject is in a Mark police car.
Equipment number 3621.
Make sure all cars know he's in a marked car.
A unit since the chase, there is the subject that is in a marked police car.
We have a police car.
UOO has been notified.
Units just be advised, shotgun is going to be locked in the rack and the vehicle.
We're going.
What's found on brand.
Lock, shutdown, and they whack.
Now looks like they have another visual,
northbound on Bradley, west on Brandeis.
Yeah, for you, sir.
She can't repeat.
Cod off Brookstreet.
Northbound on Brookstreet.
We're northbound on calling on Pardley.
Radio is on first division.
We're coming up on Boroughby on Brookst Street.
William to come a block here.
Razor K, notifying first division coming up on Broadway.
Passing hill.
Razzie K, passing hill.
Passing hill.
Passing for that.
Any Aes to start that way.
Just wanted to sit.
In front of this, so.
I'm not going to email.
Fucking Baker heads away.
Two, three blocks ahead.
Two, Baker as well.
Okay.
Okay, now.
The power call first division car, subject to mark police car, 5621.
Okay, now, northbound on Oak Street.
It's okay, westbound on Oak.
We lost in somewhere, first and oak, right now, first and oak.
More is about northbound on second.
Second.
What I'm going to go ahead and start the tone.
What?
Let me north down on second coming up on Broadway.
One 14 Baker, gray or white car?
One 14 backers send me a white car.
Two more light cars in the light sign.
We're coming up on Broadway now.
It's okay, coming up on Broadway now.
Is okay.
Matt's in the Hollywood, All right?
Uh, northbound on second.
There's everything there's light on and he's, uh,
coming out.
Uh, Adam, notified on here, he's also on the bridge.
Right, come on, by the way.
We're okay, I'm notifying Indiana.
24 am, I'm northbound crossing over Indiana.
Indiana.
Indiana.
Indiana.
Such a channel Bivod's subject is crossing Clark from oil at this time northbound into Indiana.
Okay, GVite's first division's got to call it.
34 AM I no longer have visual.
Okay, 134 Adam lost visual.
12.
134 Adam worked on them now.
134 Adam worked on him now.
Keyvice's last no location, was he still gone northbound?
Four of them are looking to be circling back on to 65.
Okay, back on to 65.
No northbound.
Okay, northbound to 65.
34A I'm getting off Jackson Charles now
I'm okay getting off therestonville Charles down
okay for me you're gonna be going
eastbound on
cross the screen street I don't know what street I'm on right now eastbound
okay some of me eastbound on 10th street eastbound on 10th street
this street just passing wall
I'm okay passing wall street
134 Adam, Mr. 134 Adam, I'm okay.
Let Jacksonville takeover.
Are they on scene with you?
Yeah, the Jersey groups here in front of me that you can coordinate with Dan.
I'm second in line.
Okay, you're second in line.
I believe we're on the follow of them.
We're turning south down on Pratt from 10th Street.
I'm okay.
Okay.
Going westbound and south alley right on 10th Street.
Is second back up to 10th Street?
Okay, westbound on south alley, going back up to 10th Street.
134 a.
We're going westbound on 10th Street, man, okay, westbound on 10th, back towards 65.
Okay, have any units coming eastbound on 10th?
Okay, 4 M.
Have some units set up on Kentucky side or on the interstate.
Okay, if you just can set up on the Kentucky side on 65.
It's going to back on 65.
On south on 65.
34 and one's north on back south down 65.
Has a unit set up if they can on the Kentucky side.
Okay, southbound on 65 if I can get units to set up.
Okay, somebody can shut it down at the bridge right y'all.
Okay, somebody can shut it down at the bridge.
It's at 65 and Ali.
134 Adam B. of us, we got stop six at 65 and Ali.
Hey, y'all, looks like you're going to take the second street bridge, second street bridge.
Okay, if I get you in start for second street.
Okay, off at Maine from second street.
Street.
One time before one foot on south down, we're right, westbound towards the river.
Okay, gonna be southbound towards the river.
Well, we're gonna be...
31 days, they're going to get off market.
Okay, eastbound on market.
We're turning westbound, right by the Rocky C's end.
Okay, going to be westbound near Rocky.
Okay, he's not in the river with a squad car.
Okay, he's now in the river with squad car.
He's got out.
The inside channel be advised the subject has gone into the river on the Indiana side of Rocky.
He is going to be in the river on the Indiana side, correct?
34 Adam, they're not here as a visual of a suspect.
He's in the... I got him, I got a...
134 Adam, if he can't advise.
4.A. I got a visual at the gunpoint.
Okay, 134 Adams, got one at gunpoint.
We are a gunpoint.
We are such fired! We are a shot fired!
Cross fire!
134 Adam, I'm okay, shots fired.
Okay, on shots fired.
Okay, all use I can to get the start to me near Rockies,
near Second Street, and
134 Adam as soon as you can advise,
10A6.
Okay, suspect is down in the water in the water.
Okay, suspect is down in the water.
The chain of words advising, subject is down in the water.
I did a 134 Adam. Are there going to be any option?
that are injured out there.
34 Adam, no officers injured, no officers injured.
134 Adam, I'm okay on that. All officers staying safe suspect down in the river.
