911 emergency.
Hi, I need a police to come to my house right away.
My daughter, boyfriend, he's here.
He's in the room, and he has a gun.
I'll have a restraining order out on him, and he's not supposed to be here,
and he's in our apartment.
Hello?
He's in the room right now, and he has a gun.
He has a gun in his pocket, and he's in one of our bedroom.
Hey, what's he doing with the gun?
He hold it up to my daughter's head, and I'm trying to threaten her,
and he's in our apartment, and he won't get out.
Okay, what's your name?
Okay, ma'ample. I'm going to get him to see the car. Okay, ma'am, I'm going to get some information from you. I want you to stay on the phone with me, okay?
Okay. Did you see him take the gun out?
No, I just got home, and he's here. He's locked himself.
How do we know that he has a gun in a yes?
He's here. You want to talk to her?
I thought she was in the room with him.
No, we're in a separate bedroom.
Okay. Yeah, let me talk to her.
Hello?
Hi, does he have a gun?
Yes, ma'am.
Okay, did he hold it here ahead?
Yes, ma'am. I have a straining order against him, and, like, he's not supposed to be here, but...
Okay, how did you get away from him?
We were just talking, and then he just put it down.
Like, I was just trying to, like, be nice and say, like, oh, I was just, like, saying I was going to do what he said.
What room are you all locked in?
We're locked in my mom's room.
But I haven't listened to anyone against him, and he's not even supposed to be around me and my kids,
but I was just like trying to be nice and let him put it to the kids, but then he took it too far.
What's your name?
What's your date of birth, sweetie?
January 28, 1987.
Okay, where did you see him put the gun?
He put it back in his pocket.
I think it's like his right pocket.
And he's still in your bedroom?
Yes, ma'am.
All right, can you tell me, what is your boyfriend wearing?
He's wearing, like, a black shirt.
What's he wearing, what is he wearing for pants?
It's some long black shorts.
Long black shorts?
Yes, ma'am.
And you said sandals?
Did you say sandals?
Yes, ma'am.
Okay, what's his name?
Is he white, black or Hispanic?
Black.
What's his date of birth?
Hey, do you know what kind of a gun it is that he has?
I don't know.
I don't know anything about guns.
Okay, do you remember if it was a gun?
A black gun, a silver gun?
It was a big gun.
It was like little.
It was like a handgun.
Where are you going, Mommy?
No, stay.
What if he finds you?
Okay.
I have officers in the area, but I need you all to stay in one room, so I know where everybody's at.
Okay.
See, she said stay.
Okay.
Your bedroom, if I'm at your front door, where is he in relation in the house?
Once you come right in the door, you just go around, like, where the TV is,
and you just come and make a right, and it's like the first door.
when you go straight.
That's my room.
Stay right there.
You said pass the TV?
Yeah, you go past, like, once you come in, the TV is on your right,
and then you'll see, like, a little hallway towards the right.
You just go straight.
And that room, there's, like, three, you'll see, like, three doors on the right
after you turn to the bathroom, but you keep going, like, straight into the hallway,
like, the first door right there is my room.
Okay, where are you in relationship with the front door?
He's in here.
Hurry up, please.
Okay, what's he doing?
