Hello?
Hi, this is the Angus Police.
Um, so we, I have a bear mauling. I am out on the trail.
I just reported it to somebody else who's going to be calling 911.
I have a young girl here who is mauled by a bear, and it's in a pretty bad shape, so we need paramedics.
Okay, I'm going to transfer you through to the medics, or did you guys already talk to the medics?
I have not talked to anybody yet.
Okay, where are you guys?
Okay, to access us, the easiest access would be
to go to the hilltop ski area
and go down what is called the
gas line trail to where it meets Campbell
Creek. There is a
trail. Is you so you're closest to hilltop?
Hilltop ski area, yes.
Into the actual
ski area. There's a trail
you can drive all. Hold on one second. Okay. Now that I've got
kind of where you are, I need to transfer you through to the medics,
okay? Hold on. Thank you.
Can you still hear me?
Okay, hold on one second and try transferring you again, okay?
Okay.
Okay.
Fine, I know you will be.
It's just got to wait.
You said you haven't...
Yep, hello?
Okay, hold on one second.
Fire paramedics, what's the location of the emergency?
Okay, you want the location of the emergency?
Yes.
It is on what is called Rovers Run Trail,
and the best way to access that is by the gas line trail, which begins...
Okay, what's the problem, tell me exactly what happened.
Okay, I just came across a young girl who was more,
called by a bear.
All right.
I'm going to ask you some questions about her while my partner gets helped started.
We do have calls on this.
I just need to get some better patient information.
How old is she?
I believe she's about 16, 15, 16 years old.
All right.
I was confirming.
Is she conscious?
Is she breathing?
She is breathing heavily, yes.
Just a couple more questions for her while my partner gets helped started.
When did this happen?
When did this happen?
I would say within the last probably 15 to 20 minutes.
would probably be accurate.
Is there any serious bleeding?
Yeah, severe bleeding.
All right.
Are you with her right now?
I am, and we're in close proximity to where it happened, which is maybe...
What kind of injuries does she have?
It's hard to tell if it's dark enough, and I drop my bike down the trail.
I don't have a light.
All right.
Is there any animal, is the animal slender by?
Not that I know of.
I hope it's gone away, but...
All right.
How far are you in on from Campbell-Airstrip Road?
Okay, if Campbell-Airstrip Road, you would, if you came up Campbell-Air-Strip Road, you would access us by the South Bivouac Trailhead, which we have to-saile that trailhead one more time.
Okay, the South Biv-Wack Trailhead, and you have to go down the trail to Campbell Creek, and on the opposite side of Campbell Creek, there's a trail called Rover's Run that's
parallels the creek. There's a small foot bridge, and there's a main bridge just up from there.
Sir, listen, we understand that. We got somebody at the trailhead. We need to know about how far in are you, about a quarter mile.
Okay, what trailhead are you at?
We're going to come in off the South Bivouac Trailhead, just like you said.
Okay. Our first caller gave us that information is waiting up there for us.
Okay. Okay, go in the trailhead, and there will be, if you, are you guys going to drive a vehicle?
I don't know if they're going to be able to drive a vehicle in or not.
I'm not out there, sir.
Okay.
But what I need is.
Okay.
If you go in the trailhead, I would say about 100 yards down the trail, there's a right-hand turn, and it goes down a steep dirt trail.
Okay.
You go down a steep dirt trail, which then takes you right to Campbell Creek.
There's a footbridge that cross the Campbell Creek.
Okay.
Go across the foot bridge, and we are on a trail that parallels the creek on the opposite.
And after you go across the footbridge, you turn to the right.
And just walk down at about 100 yards.
You'll see two bikes on the trail, and we're just a little ways down from that.
Okay.
You have somebody out there.
Yeah, we're going to keep you on the phone because there's supposed to somebody out there at the road
is going to direct us down there.
But we're going to pass this information on.
You're doing good, thank you, Jeff.
You're doing awesome.
You're just fine.
It's scary, but that's all there is, okay?
All right.
Does she have any serious bleeding?
Um, yes, I would say that.
Okay, what I want you to do is get a clean, dry cloth or towel, place it on the wound, press it down firmly, and do not lift it up to look.
Um, I don't know exactly where the wound is, is your problem.
All right. Can you ask her where she thinks she's hurt?
Do you know where you're hurt?
Sir, listen. Yeah.
I got a quick question. Um, is how close are you to the Campbell airstrip?
To the Campbell air strip? We are, we're much farther than the actual air strip.
I understand. Okay, very good.
So if we're up at, or if we're on, the engine company that's out there right now, they're at the access to the Camel Airstrip.
Okay, they want to go up.
They need to go farther up the road?
They need to go farther up the road to where there's a trailhead on either side of the road.
They're right next to each other.
One is north trailhead goes towards.
Okay, so they need to go farther up the road.
How far up the road from the access to the Camel Airstrip?
I would say a mile and a half, two miles, something like that.
Okay.
There will be two very obvious trailheads with big wooden signs.
Okay, so it's marked?
Yeah.
So they're marked north and south?
Yeah, and they want to go into South Bibwack Trailhead.
They live there.
Okay.
So once they get to the South Bibbwack parking lot, they're going to go down the trail,
and they're going to go take a right?
They're going to go down the trail about 50 or 100 yards.
Okay.
They're going to look to the road.
right. There's a steep dirt trail that you can walk down. You walk down that towards the creek,
which we'll see. There's a footbraith that crosses the creek, and you cross the creek,
and then you immediately take a right onto a very obvious trail, and they should probably have
a gun or bear protection. Okay. Yeah, we're getting the cops to come out there with us, so.
Okay. You're doing good, Tadra. Keep it up. Doing great. But you're okay. They're still with me?
Okay, yeah, I'm still here.
No, no, I'm talking to the girl here.
Yeah, bear, still with a bear.
Is the bear there there?
Not that I know of, but you know where there's a lot.
I hear you.
I hear.
Do you know what kind of bear it was?
Uh, I don't, no.
Hey, Joe, you're doing so good.
You're doing awesome.
Just relax.
Okay, do you're still there?
Okay, okay.
I just, I want you to stay awake.
Is she breathing regularly?
Yeah, but I would say heavy breathing.
She's very much conscious, but, you know.
Doing good, Pager.
Doing good.
You're doing good.
Do you know where you're, I'm sorry, go ahead.
Can you hear anybody out there?
No, you know, there's a good chance that someone will be through any time now
because there's a bike race, a 24-hour race going on,
and bikers will be coming through.
If you see somebody pass by, I want you to stop them.
I'll have them go up and flag.
The light is on on my bike.
If they look down, once they kind of make the turn into the trail,
they'll kind of see it.
Hey, can you stop, please?
Who is that?
Okay.
We have, she was attacked by a bear.
We have the paramedics coming,
but this is the issue.
they're going to be coming into the South Divac Trailhead.
Can you go up there and direct them down?
I want you to yell and be as careful as you can
because there's obviously still in the proximity.
You got it.
There's like four more coming for you.
Okay, okay.
Just make a lot of noise.
Pedro, you're doing awesome.
You're doing so good.
Still there?
Can you not?
Okay, okay, awesome.
Are you guys still there?
We're still here.
Okay.
We're letting them know right now that we're sending.
that you're sending somebody down to me.
He's going to go right up to the South Mid-Black Trailhead,
and he'll direct him down.
It's a little bit of a hike down, but it's not that big of the deal.
Okay.
How's she doing?
She seems doing extremely well.
It's, you know, she's still conscious.
She can move a little bit.
All right.
Can you tell now where the bleeding's coming from?
Can you don't know where you got hurt, can you?
Okay.
No, just, yeah, it's crazy.
but I just can't tell.
It looks like she might have got rolled around
in the dirt quite a bit by the bear.
Okay.
I don't know.
I have up coming to her.
Here, Pedro, hold my hand, okay.
Just pull it right here.
Okay.
You're doing awesome.
I'm going to be fine if you're just hanging there.
A couple minutes, you'll be getting cleaned up.
It's feeling way better.
Got it.
You're doing good.
Tell me if you start to hurt.
more, something happens, okay?
Are we still here?
Okay.
Do you see, are you looking ahead?
Okay, okay, just keep the last thing.
We don't want her to move around unless she's in danger.
Okay, okay, don't splint any injuries?
Yeah, I moved her, I moved us about 50 feet from where the attack was because I just,
yeah, I figured that was probably constituted of danger, but, you know, I don't know.
Oh, don't move, don't move if you don't have to, please.
Okay, Pedro?
You're doing off.
You're doing so good.
I think someone's going to be here any minute now.
Doing great.
Do we have any word on if they found the trail hood yet?
They're responding on location right now.
They're looking for the trail.
Okay.
And we've got that other biker going up there, so that'll be good.
Yep.
Major, you're doing awesome.
Okay.
We'll all be over pretty soon.
This is APD.
About how many miles up Campbell Airstrip road is the trailhead?
If they were at the Campbell Airstrip Trailhead,
I would say it's a mile and a half to choose itself, but I don't entirely know.
If they start going up to steep, cave, climb,
Are you still, you okay, if they start going up the hill and it's like a big up, then they've gone past it.
A big what?
If they start going, like, really way up in an extended climb, if it starts to really climb uphill, then they've gone past it.
We've got another ice coming.
Hey, can you stop?
Is that another biker?
Yeah.
Can you come here, please?
Who is that?
Okay, can you hang with me?
Okay, um, we have a, we have a bear attack. Um, so maybe if you can just hang out here, I sent wheel up the, up to the south of the Black Shard. Okay, okay, you're okay, Joe. Okay, so help me flag people into here. That's the, that's our main concern.
Hello!
Well, keep their feet.
Okay. It sounds like they might be coming. I'm not sure.
Who do you see coming?
Right here.
Who's here?
Okay. Are the paramedics coming?
Yeah.
Okay, okay, sounds like they're on their way.
Who are you talking to?
Oh, a couple other bikers just showed up.
Okay, so we don't know where the bleeding coming from.
We're just going to hold her in place.
Who did they talk to?
Who are the two bikers talking to, though, that came up?
Oh, are you paramedics?
Okay.
Is that the paramedics that are on location right now?
Yeah, we have the ANC here right now.
No, there's an Anchorage fire department EMT?
Are you fire department?
No.
Okay, so when they said they had paramedics, they met the paramedics.
Is somebody there at the trailhead?
Can they confirm that?
Does somebody's up at the trailhead to meet us?
I can't confirm that.
Well, we're concerned about it.
Okay, hold on just a moment here.
I'm sorry.
The trail that you're on, this is what I need to know.
The trail that you're on is not accessible by a vehicle.
Is that correct or not?
Yes, that is correct.
They don't need a board.
It's a foot trail on.
Okay, so they need to come down to South Bivouac, go across the footbridge, and then take a right and go down the trail that parallels Campbell Creek.
Yep, yeah.
And that's called Rover Trail.
Yes, it's called Run Rover Trail.
And there's a gentleman that's up there to kind of flag him in, so.
Okay, well, I'm thinking that he already met them.
They should be on their way in there shortly.
Okay, okay, good.
We're going to keep you on the phone until they, don't we get it.
We do have an EMT on the scene, so we've got a couple people here now, so.
Adri, you're doing awesome.
You're doing good.
We'll be all over soon.
How she's doing?
She's doing great.
Her breathing is, her breathing slowed down a little bit, and it's just because she's palming down.
Right.
Do you still have a clean, dry cloth?
And can you still, can you find out where the bleeding is from now?
I mean, since she's calmed down a little bit, can you ask her where she thinks she got bit?
I've asked her three times.
She still doesn't know.
We have an EMT, and he is starting to kind of, you know, take off some clothing and do searching.
All right.
Well, let me, if they find anything, just let me know.
Okay.
It looks like it may just looking, it looks like a puncture wound to the face, and I think that may be where a lot of the blood is from.
A little bit of left eye trauma.
It looks like a puncture wound or a little trauma to the inner thigh,
but it's not bleeding.
It doesn't look like it's like hit an artery or anything.
The important thing is that we need to keep her as still as possible.
We don't are moving around unless she is in danger.
Okay, yeah.
Because we're not sure what type of other injuries she may have suffered when she was attacked.
Right, I understand.
I understand.
We're not moving here.
We're trying to keep her as still as possible.
Hey, Joe, you're doing great.
This is APD.
Do you know what type of bear it is?
Do I know a type?
No, we still, you know, it's dark, so I seriously doubt that she was able to identify what that's there it was.
Okay.
Because you're doing so good.
Just for a, you're in good hands.
The menicks have missed somebody on top of the road and they're on their way down.
Okay.
Okay, Pedro, the medics have met real up at the top of the road.
They're going to be down here.
Okay, I mentioned that, but the medic...
It's just the APD or the medic.
Both of us are on the phone.
Oh, okay, okay.
And I think I mentioned that there is a puncture wound to the inner thigh.
Yes, do you have.
And also one kind of on the quadriceps, like above the knee.
It looks like kind of a similar wound.
because you're doing awesome
let me know when you see them
okay
and then
will I give them
or should I give the phone to a medic
you know they'll be able to help her
okay okay once they're on location with her
just let me know and then I'll hang up with you
you're doing a good job
okay yeah she's starting to have a little trouble
breathing
okay
and I think it's because she's in pain
I think there may, she's got a lot of pressure right on my leg there.
I just, I wonder if that's going to hurt her ribs.
Yeah, we don't want her moving.
Keep her in the same position that she's in.
Okay, we had to move her on her side.
Or she kind of has rolled over on her side.
There seems to be a little bit of a puncture, maybe, in the throat area.
I think she's starting to struggle to breathe a little bit at the moment.
All right, let me know if anything changes with her.
Okay, she's breathing more rapidly now.
Okay.
As we've moved on.
She's pretty sure that we have help on the way for her and that the medics are coming.
Okay, Jo, I know it hurts.
Just relax.
The medics are on their way.
You're going to be here in just seconds, but just relax.
Okay, she's, I think, I'm okay.
All right.
And, sir, we've got officers escorting the medics.
in right now.
Okay, okay.
We have some police coming in with the medics if they're concerned about the barren area.
Can I get your name, sir?
My name is Pete Gassinger.
All right, thank you.
We also just located a kind of a wound, located a wound, kind of a rather large, I would say,
probably three inches long.
I'm just confirming that the people that are helping her they have a clean,
I cloth on these wounds when you're applying pressure and they're not lifting it up to look.
Well, the E.M. is rinking the wound. They don't seem to be bleeding that bad.
There's a facial wound that seem to be bleeding.
Okay.
But just to let you know, there is a wound in her back, kind of above her left her left
Butchiech, it's probably about three inches long, you know, it's kind of into the meaty area here.
It's not bleeding that bad, but it is, you know, a little bit dirty, so.
Okay.
You're an awesome page.
We're just keep relaxing.
We're going to get you all fixed up here.
Okay.
Is it medics?
The medics have arrived.
Right.
They're with her?
Okay.
Okay, excuse me.
Is that the ASD medics?
We have a, yeah, we have a fire department in that extra.
And are the police with them too?
Yeah, the police are here with guns and everything.
Okay, I'm going to let you go so you can talk to them.
Thank you for calling for her.
Okay, okay, thanks.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye what you mean.
