Number one, the lines recorded with the exact location of your emergency.
Hi, I'm actually on the street in Cambridge, and the house number is 17.
Where street?
Okay, man, the cell phone cut out.
What's the address again?
Sorry, it says 7-W-W-A-R-E street.
Sir, it's 7th.
The emergency is at 7-W-A-S-R-Street, right?
No, it's 7.
I'm sorry.
Some other woman is talking next to me, but it's 17-1-7-Ware Street.
What's a phone number?
How many call me from?
I'm calling you from my cell phone number.
I'm something exactly what happened.
I don't know what's happening.
I just had an older woman standing here and she had noticed two gentlemen trying to get
in a house at that number, 17 where a street, and they kind of had a barge in and they broke
the screen door and they finally got in.
When I had looked, I went further closer to the house a little bit after the gentlemen
were already in the house.
I noticed two suitcases.
So I'm not sure if these are two individuals who actually work there, I mean, who live there.
You think they might have been breaking it?
I don't know, because I have no idea.
You think the possibility might have been there?
What do you mean, might botched in, but they kicked the door in?
No, they were pushing the door in, like the screen part of the front door was kind of like cut.
How does it open the door itself at the walk?
I didn't see a key or anything because I was a little bit away from the door,
But I did notice that they pushed their...
And what do they do with anything?
I don't know.
I'm just saying that's what I saw.
Do you know what the time that they broke into?
No, they're just the first floor.
I don't even think that it's an apartment.
It's 17 where a street.
It's a house.
It's a yellow house.
Number 17.
I don't know if they live there and they just had a hard time with their key,
but I did notice that they kind of used their shoulder to try to barge in,
and they got in.
I don't know if they had a key or not, because I couldn't see from my angle.
But, you know, when I looked a little closely, that's when I saw.
Are they still in the house?
They're still in the house, I believe, yeah.
Well, there were two larger men.
One looks kind of Hispanic, but I'm not really sure.
And the other one entered, and I didn't see what he looked like at all.
I just saw him from a distance, and this older woman was worried thinking,
like, someone's breaking in someone's house, they've been barging in.
And she interrupted me, and that's when I had noticed, otherwise, I probably wouldn't have noticed it at all, to be honest with you.
So I was just calling because she was a concerned neighbor, I guess.
Okay.
Are you standing outside?
I'm standing outside, yes.
All right, well, place on the way.
You can meet them when they get there.
What's your name?
Yeah, my name is...
I'm on the way.
Okay.
All right, I guess I'll wait.
Thanks.
