911. What's the address of the emergency?
1015 North Main Street, High Springs, Florida, 32643.
Okay, repeat that to make sure I have it correct.
1015, North Main Street, High Springs, Florida, 32643.
Okay, what's your phone number with the area code?
Tell me exactly what happened.
High Springs Community School. I called 911 a few minutes ago.
I heard several gunshots outside the building.
Right outside our building, we are in student services near the front of the school.
Second building near the front of the school, one of our windows was shot out.
That's all I know.
We are in locked down in the closed room.
Okay, and you said it's outside the Student Services building, and that's which building, the first building?
Main entrance, second building on the left through the main entrance.
Student Services, that's where the gunfire was.
I don't know who was shot, but there were several shots fired.
Okay, stay on the line with me.
Including through our window in the building.
The window in your building?
Yes.
All right, I am getting help out there.
Stand the line with me.
Okay.
We're on the ground, though, so I can't tell you where anyone is, but I can tell you where we are and the shots were right outside our building.
Earlier when you called in, do you know who the school resource deputy, what his name is?
Brian Phillips.
Brian Phillips.
Okay.
Thank you.
One moment.
Okay.
Have you seen anyone?
No, I am in here with the suspect's daughter and grandson.
We are in the main, we are in student services.
We are in conference room in student services.
The building is locked, but again, several shots were fired.
So you're present with the suspect's grandson and granddaughter?
The suspect's daughter and grandson.
Daughter and grandson, okay.
Yes, so, and also our behavior resource feature is in here.
There are four of us in the building right now, but shots were fired right outside the building.
Okay.
Several shots.
All right.
One moment.
The suspect's name is Robert.
Do you know his last name?
Is it Nodine?
I believe it's N-O-D-I-N-E.
Modine, M-O-D-I-N-E?
I'm not sure.
I don't know if it's M-O- or N-D-I-N-E.
I have no idea.
I'm just relaying.
Okay.
Okay.
What one of our teachers said.
Okay.
I'd like to keep you on the line if that's okay.
Yeah, fine.
Yeah, I mean, we know there's police on campus.
I was just calling to let you all know that several shots were fired.
And we are still in the building under the impression that there is a gunman out there.
All right.
And the daughter and grandson are in here, so we're highly concerned if he's still
out there that he's on access to this room.
All right, down the line.
Don't hang up.
Any word on?
He's in the, if you go in the main, no, he's with the suspect's daughter and grandson.
And if you go in the main entrance of the school, it's going to be the second building.
Second building, yes, the second building, student services.
Student Services Building.
Yeah, it's not, it's not the first, it's not the first, it's not the,
first building when you first come on campus by the playground it is the next
building okay we are in here with the suspect's daughter and grandchild
we have our the doors shut and that's all I can tell you we're on the ground
okay okay we do have several deputies on scene so okay okay we just like I
said we're not moving till we know it's safe to move yeah don't definitely don't
stay where you are just let me know if you hear anything okay
Yeah, yeah, definitely will.
I am, yes.
Okay.
Is he warning?
Erica.
Is he still outside?
He needs to take cover.
Sabrina?
Is the scene safe?
Is the gunmen been apprehended?
Okay.
Well, I'm on the line with 911, Ms. Wying myself and the suspect's daughter and grandson are in the conference room in student services.
There were several shots fired right outside this building, and they came, the shots penetrated the front windows of the building.
We know that for a fact, or one of the windows.
I have no idea.
We are on the ground.
We are not moving.
but to reiterate suspect's daughter and grandson are in the conference room with Erica and I.
And, of course, she's highly distraught, and I'm on the phone with 911 right now.
I'm just hanging on.
I just wanted to see if you guys could share anything with us.
Do we have additional law enforcement besides Phillips on campus?
I pulled it.
Yeah, that was me that pulled it.
Okay, well, please, we are here in the conference room.
I don't know what the number is, but I don't know.
I don't know.
Ms. Warren, was Sue Carrey still in the building?
Was Sue Carrey still in the building?
I don't know.
Let me check.
Yeah, I'm assuming.
Honestly, I don't know.
I didn't even see Sue in the building when, I don't know.
I don't know where anybody is.
We hit the ground.
Bishop's, Bishop told us to hit the ground as soon as we locked the building.
Okay.
Bye.
Okay.
We do have multiple Electric County Sheriff's Office deputies on campus right now, as well
as High Springs PD.
Okay.
I was just calling the front office on the other phone.
Right.
I heard you ask her if there were anyone else on campus.
There are multiple deputies.
I'm not sure if they are in custody of the suspect yet or not.
I'm not sure.
Well, we are not moving.
We are on the ground, but just to repeat the suspect's daughter and grandson are in the room with us,
and we're doing everything we can to try and keep her calm.
But obviously, obviously, she's distraught.
Absolutely, I understand.
But we, our concern is that maybe trying to get into this building, I don't know.
Okay.
How old is his daughter?
I don't know. I don't know. She's probably...
I can ask her.
Is she an adult or is she a child?
No, she's an adult.
Okay.
What's your name?
Jean Walls, W-A-L-L-S, is the suspect's daughter's name.
She is a parent of two children at our school.
Okay.
And her youngest child is...
is in her arms right now.
Okay.
We're getting help out.
We're not.
We're not.
We're having you know on the lane.
Is it safe to come out?
We're not, I'm not.
I'm not.
I might understand that the gun,
has apprehended or subdued?
Ms. Warren, I don't know.
Hi, is someone still on the line?
Yes, I'm still on the line.
Our assistant principal is asking that everyone go to the cafeteria,
but he has not indicated that the government has been apprehended or subdued,
so I'm doing a little...
Yeah, don't go anywhere yet. One moment, okay?
Okay.
Stay on the line.
She's saying not to move, Erica.
Just one moment.
Okay.
Witness Terry back there?
Get down.
Okay, fine.
There's a gunman on campus.
Okay.
I'm being advised that you should stay where you are for the time being.
And I'll keep you on the line.
Okay.
Okay, we're not moving.
And I'll keep you updated.
Yes, one moment.
Who was in that room with you?
Register.
By yourself.
I know what you're thinking, but they've asked everyone to go to the cafeteria,
but they've told us to stay in here because I don't know if anyone's been subdued or apprehended
and shots were fired right outside this building.
It's not your fault.
Just stay there, and we need to wait to make sure the coast is clear.
We don't want anyone hurt.
We don't want anyone hurt.
And did you say her name was Gene Wells?
Walls, right?
W-A-L-L-F.
Okay.
I guess I've highly described right now she doesn't know.
Her husband was outside when shots were fired and her father is the alleged, well, I don't know if,
I just know shots were fired and allegedly he was armed.
What?
Who?
Get down.
What are you thinking?
Get down.
Bullets in your office?
That's how I was in that room.
I'm glad I came in here.
Hi, are you there?
Yes, I am.
Our shots were definitely fired into this building, multiple shots.
Okay.
Which was the first room I called you from.
I'm glad I came into this room.
Me too.
Oh, my God.
unbelievable
unbelievable
I wouldn't Miss Carrie
Miss Carrie
Miss Carrie I wouldn't
You're doing a great job
I don't feel like I'm doing much of anything
I just want to know if we can
When it stays to move
Yeah I'll let you know
I'm sure just your presence there with her is calming
Just a moment.
Okay.
Like I said, I'm not, we're not moving, but I have to assume the scene might be somewhat secured because they have asked,
they made an announcement, what about 10 minutes ago, for anybody still on campus to move towards the cafeteria.
Okay, yeah, definitely they want you to stay where you are for the time being just one moment.
Okay, yeah, yeah, we're not moving.
Okay.
I'm Captain on you to tell us our next move.
The shots have definitely been fired into this building.
Our behavior resource teacher whose office is right next to this room,
she just peeked out and she says, you know, there's at least a couple bullet holes in her windows.
Okay.
And that was the building that I was, I mean, that's the room that I had initially called from 911.
Was it you that I talked to?
Yes, it was.
Okay.
because I had a real bad connection, which was probably part of the problem you were having.
That's why you were breaking up on me, so I don't know how much of what I was saying you could hear.
Yeah, we had some kind of beeping on the line at that time.
I don't know what it was.
Yeah, but just to clarify, the room that I originally called 911 from,
we're in the room next door right now.
There's only one window in here, and I'm right under it.
But lots of windows in the other room.
kind of transitioned into here, and that's where shots were fired."
And that's in the office of the building you're in right now, correct?
Come back, I'm sorry, what?
The bullet holes that you're speaking of were in the office of the building that you are in right now?
Yeah, they were into this building.
Not the room that we are in right now.
There's about five different rooms in this building.
Okay.
Approximately, yeah, there's one, two, three, four, five.
We are in a cop.
Now, there's six rooms in this building, but we are in a different room.
But shots were definitely fired.
Yeah, we heard shots right outside the building.
We saw a blast flying, and that's when we shut the door to this room.
Okay.
Unless it not need to go down.
Well, not that it ever does.
Is Chase on campus?
Hmm?
Okay.
But he is on campus?
Okay.
Okay.
Ma'am?
Yes.
We also have a teacher in our room with us whose son attend school here.
She's not sure if he's on campus.
So we got a lot of nervous people in here, so please let us know as soon as it's safe to move.
Yes, sir.
I understand.
One moment.
Okay.
One moment.
Mm-hmm.
Do we know anyone else in the building?
the morning besides mystery.
It's only a shootout.
Chalks have changed.
You're in a school resources building, correct?
Student Services is the name of the building.
It is building three if someone has a map of campus.
It is building three.
Okay.
I don't know if that helps, but I, well, we're, yes,
we're smackdad in the middle of campus.
Okay.
As soon as they've got it fully secure, they're going to be coming to you.
They don't want you guys to move.
Okay.
Yeah, I mean, that's fine.
As long as it's law enforcement coming to us, we're fine with that.
Absolutely, absolutely.
Would you be at liberty to share with us if anyone was shot?
or wounded on campus?
I'm not, but I honestly don't know any of that yet because it's all on silent lines
right now in the traffic, so.
So I'm only concerned right now.
I understand.
Our dispatching is separate from our call taking.
We're all in the same building, but we're not, we don't hear the radio traffic from where I'm sitting.
So I get my updates directly from dispatch.
Yeah.
I'm on the line again, and he's present with the suspects.
daughter and grandson and a few other people.
And they're all in this student resources building.
Student services building also lying on the floor,
waiting on an update to know whether or not.
Were you talking to Greg?
Okay.
Yes.
Okay.
You guys can get up.
It is safe to get up the scene is secure, but they do want you to stay where you're at.
They're going to come to you, all of you, okay?
Seeing, scene is secure.
We can stand up.
that stay in the building.
Yes, sir.
And there's a president that wants to check on her child.
Can she leave the building?
All the children are safe.
They need to stay.
Okay, stay where they're at.
Okay, stay where, all the children are safe.
All the children are safe.
But they want us to stay in the building.
Okay, hang on.
I think there may be law enforcement at the door.
Okay.
Okay.
Do you still need us?
We got a lot of sheriff's officer in here.
with the suspect's daughter.
Can I let you go now, ma'am?
Sorry, I'm...
It's hardholding the phone when you're...
I know, I understand.
Okay.
Yes, yes, you can.
You can go ahead and let me go.
They do know where you are,
and as soon as they get them searching the entire building
to making sure everything's, you know, clear,
they're going to come to where you guys are,
but make sure no one leaves, okay?
Just make sure they always say where you guys are right now.
We'll do, we'll do.
Okay, thank you.
All right. You're welcome.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
