The cab 911, what's the address of your emergency?
I have been in the news recently about being in a hotel naked.
And I have paparazzi outside my window and I was told by law enforcement that if I did to call 911.
Do you want to meet with an officer?
Do you want to meet with an officer man when they come out?
Yeah, these guys are sitting in a car outside my house right now.
I would like to tell the officer to have them leave because the cops have told me to call 911 if they're outside my house
And then what's your name?
My name is Erin.
My last name is Andrews.
I'm all over the news right now.
I'm not familiar right all over the news.
I'm the girl that was videotaped without her knowing, without her clothes on in the hotel.
Really?
And I got two assholes sitting outside my house.
I'm so sorry
I am too, thank you
What's been someone out
What kind of vehicle are they in?
They're in a Rav, a white Rav4
I'm in a gated community
And I don't know how they got in
Mom, can you see a license plate
It's a handicapped license plate they have
What's the license plate number?
What's the tag number?
We're trying to see
Do you see it, Mom?
Okay, I'm going to try to go to another room and see if I can read it.
I do not believe these jerks are knocking on my door.
Such as a asshole.
Okay, Mom, you're totally being obvious.
Are they black, white, or Hispanic?
What?
Are they black white or Hispanic?
They're both white males.
It's, I think it's, they know I'm here because I have a car out front.
So they know I'm inside.
I have private security that I'm working with, but they're not with me currently, and they say call 911.
Okay, here's the license plate.
It's a handicapped license plate for Georgia.
They're looking at me through my window.
Are you okay?
Yeah, I'm just, I did nothing wrong, and I'm being treated like fucking Britney Spears, and it sucks.
I'm sorry.
Okay.
Okay, the first available unit is to see your student's possible.
Okay.
Thanks.
You know how farther out?
No, they should be in an area.
They'll be seeing this one as possible.
Okay.
Okay, thank you.
Thanks.
Bye, bye.
