9-1-1, what is the emergency?
850 Highland Boulevard at the old convent.
There's a fire.
There's a fire at what address, ma'am?
850 Highland Boulevard, but they have to come in through Columbia.
It's the old pizondent.
What's on fire?
The house.
We have an old house and it's burning down.
Okay, is this in Staten Island?
Staten Island.
What streets is that in between?
It's between San Lane and you have to take Highland Boulevard, make it right on
Singapore and a right on Columbia.
Okay, ma'am, are you sure to build the number is 850?
Am I sure?
It's 850.
That's the school.
They have to go past the school, go around, make the right on fingerboard and right on Columbia,
but please hurry because it's coming.
Okay
That range number is not appropriate for me
So can you give me to cross streets
Highland Boulevard between what and what
Highland Boulevard
Are you inside the location that's on fireman?
Okay ma'am
Tell me Highland Boulevard between what and what
Highland Boulevard
And it's on Sand Lane
and you have to go.
It's Highland Boulevard.
Don't please hurry.
Ma'am, is there someone else there I could speak to?
No, I don't think they're here.
I think I'm the only one in the house because we just move.
Okay, ma'am. I need you to relax so I can get some help there.
It's Highland Boulevard, Sand Lane, and what?
No, not Sandlin.
Highland Boulevard.
You have to pass 8.50.
Highland Boulevard make a right on fingerboard and a right on Columbia is that
West fingerboard roll no finger board and then a right on
Hi, Staten Island.
Where about the Staten Island?
Quo, can you verify the information?
What's the address?
850, Highland Boulevard.
850 Highland, the local street's there.
Well, it's 850 Highland Boulevard.
Go past 850 Highland Boulevard, make a right on fingerboard and a right on Columbia,
and then come straight up into our property.
Okay, what's the emergency there?
There's a fire.
in our house. We built a new house. The old house is on fire.
Okay. Is that off of San Lane?
Yeah. Hello?
What's the phone number that you're calling from?
347-224-4-4-310.
Yeah, the fire department's responding. They're on the way.
7.5.
