No. 997, that will be followed by, that will be followed by 673.
Representative Bogdanov, you're on deck.
Representative Domino is here to talk about, it's here to talk about emergency dispatchers, 911 dispatchers.
Welcome to Health Care Council. You're recognized.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman and members.
This bill upon passage will allow for a certification process for emergency dispatches.
currently 31 other states have such a process it will recognize a 208 hour DOE approved course
as a minimum standard the goal of course is ensure that first responders are dispatched to emergencies
catastrophic events with a higher level of quality and efficiency while minimizing human errors
and mistakes our emergency dispatchers by large do a great job but by having everyone all 67
county people on the same doing the same thing it will be helpful and
And we have some, and I will shorten my introduction because we have some rather dramatic testimonies the need for this legislation.
Very good.
Before we, let's, members, are there questions of Representative Domino on the bill?
Is there questions?
Let's go to public testimony.
Representative Domino, did you want to call folks in any particular order or just as they?
Okay, very good.
Randy Touchton.
Very good. Thank you so much, Randy.
Florida Professional Firefighters Association's waves in support.
Armand Nalt.
Very good. Firefighters, and you're from Lake Worth, Florida.
Thank you so much for coming forward to firefighters and paramedics of Palm Beach County.
Gary Rainey.
Gary Rainey, thank you so much from Miami, Florida, the Florida professional firefighters.
Lisa Henning.
Lisa is with the Fraternal Order of Police right here in Tallahassee.
She is a proponent of the bill.
Richard Goff.
Richard, good morning, welcome.
Glad to have you here.
I'm a 25-year law enforcement veteran with the Charlotte County Sheriff's Office and the father of Denise Hambur Lee.
She's my daughter was kidnapped, raped, murdered from her house in North Court.
where her two children are at home or two-year-old and a six-month-old, my grandbabies.
As a result, a guy drove her down the road,
she was able to get the attention of a bystander in a car at a traffic light
by beating and screaming in the car.
The bystander called 911 to my office where I actually work
and to the dispatch, and they took the call.
Lady gave the description of the car, the vehicle, the suspect,
describe my daughter as being younger than what she was all she can see is a hand slapping in the car and screaming like she's never heard screams she even asked if there was an amber alert out on a person that day as a result our dispatch my dispatch where I work forgot to dispatch the call to road deputies out there which we had over six agencies out there looking for my daughter that day two helicopters canine and approximately 30 people out there on the street looking for her she was found later later later
buried in a shallow grave shot in the head we had cars on the road waiting to apprehend the guy
right where she was at but they never dispatched the car on my half of my daughter like to see
this bill passed thank you for and there was an internal investigation done found that the two
girls were at fault my boss gave one five days off and one three days off so the family
wasn't really happy with that either so thank you richard golf thank you very much our heart
truly goes out to you and your family i am sorry you have to be here and testify and give that story
that is a horrible story uh amy campbell very good amy is from orlando florida and she represents
the orange county sheriff's office and she waves in support richard pinsky
Very good. Richard, you're from West Palm Beach and you represent 9-1-1 emergency dispatchers.
Thank you all for coming. Is there anyone else wishing to publicly testify on House Bill 997?
Members will go into debate. Is there any debate?
Yes, sir. Back here.
Very good. I'm sorry. Representative Hayes, you're recognized in debate.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Excuse me.
I am deeply disturbed that this is only a voluntary certification.
I'm sure Representative Domino has a reason for that, but I would like to see us look in
the future at making it mandatory that the people who are answering these phone calls
and are charged with dispatching units to respond are properly trained and
and have passed a certification test.
I think this voluntary just doesn't go far enough.
And I share your sentiments toward the story of Sergeant Goff and his family,
and there are many others that perhaps need our support as well.
But I would certainly like for us to look in the future at making this a mandatory certification.
Representative Harrell, in debate.
Thank you very much, Mr. Speaker.
And my heart also goes out to Sergeant Goff on the loss of your doctor.
daughter. I think that's an example of why training is so, so important, especially in health
care things, not just law enforcement. Law enforcement is absolutely essential. They have that
training, but I know running the Health Quality Committee that when 911 is called, more often
than not, it's not a police issue, it's a health issue. And we need training for those
dispatchers so that they understand how to handle that person who is often
panicked dealing with someone who is helping someone having a heart attack having a
baby or in an accident so I think this is absolutely essential and I will agree
with dr. Hayes I think that this is representative Hayes I think this is
needs to become the standard across the state and be required
Representative Hudson in debate thank you chairman sergeant goff as a parent
I'm with just speechless at your testimony
It was powerful and I can't imagine what you must be feeling.
This is a great bill.
I think the consistency of process is enormously important.
We cannot have 67 different versions for 67 different counties of how we go about this process.
Our first responders deserve better when they go out into the field, be it sheriff or firefighters or paramedics,
to make sure that they're ensuring the public safety.
And that consistency of processing good information in and good information out is going to save lives.
And I support this bill.
Additional debate members, Representative Anderson in debate.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I would just like to compliment Representative Domino for bringing this bill forward.
It's a very important issue, communication and getting the word out.
And I also support the comment made by the other representative that maybe at some future time this should be a requirement.
Thank you.
Representative Domino, you recognized the close.
Well, the members have closed perhaps better than I.
I might point out in 28 states it is mandatory and some voluntary.
You've got to start somewhere.
I think for those of us that did watch the basketball game last night,
you can do things under stress, make free throws that sometimes under stress you can't.
And it's important, as the represent said,
that you have a heads-up in medical emergencies if the 9-11 dispatchers are all talking the same language
and using the same protocol so the treatment can be better when you get there so this is an important
bill that will save lives and and and very much help in emergency situations i urge your support
very good and thank you very much represent domino for bringing this bill forward the uh the clerk
will now call the role on house bill nine nine seven from anderson osley yes chusack
Yes.
Galvano?
Yes.
Hes?
Yes.
Hooper?
Patronus?
Yes.
Skidmore?
Zapata?
Yes.
And by your votes.
House Bill 997 will be reported favorably as a council substitute with your permission.
Representative Domino.
Thank you, Chairman.
Thank you, members.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
