911 what's the address of your emergency i've got a woman in my bank pointing a rifle at all of us and all of our customers i need police now
okay stand the line with me okay so it's a woman oh my god she's making us go on the vault i need you
get police here now we're on the way stand the line with me female blockwater is banning
this to the bank yep okay
Bank on the corner of Orangewood Avenue and Orange and Central Porta Parkway is now being held up.
Woman just walked in with a shotgun.
Okay, Orangewood and where?
Central Port of Parkway.
And is this a store?
No, it's a bank.
Okay, what bank is it?
Bank of America.
Okay, and where are you at right now?
I just happened to walk out with a car.
Okay, and you said you saw a shotgun?
Yes, ma'am.
She white, black, or Hispanic?
White.
I'm just going to move down the road a little bit.
Well, it's cute.
Try to stay where you can see anything?
Oh, I will.
I'm just going to move out of the way.
Stay on the line.
Your name?
Okay, hang on just a second.
I think we got it.
Just a .
Okay.
Can you see anything else?
No, ma'am.
Do you know what she was wearing?
Pink shirt, blue jeans, blue jeans shorts.
Okay.
She's white female width.
Brown hair.
Pink shirt?
Pink tank.
Pink tank?
Yep.
And blue jean shorts?
Correct.
Okay.
And you're standing, where are you at now?
I just moved down to the public so I didn't have to be in total view of her.
I actually thought it was a joke.
I thought it was an umbrella at first, but then I actually turned around and she said this was a stick up.
You were walking out as she was walking in?
Correct.
And she said everybody gave me her money.
But I was already at the door and out going out of it when she walked in.
Okay, stand in line.
Let me see if my, we have another call, but I'm trying to see if I can put you on with my dispatcher.
No problem.
One moment.
Okay, the other person's got, okay.
Now it's emergency.
Hey, I don't know if this is real true or not, but I'm standing on,
and I'm at the Bank of America building on a corner, on a corner, on a corner of,
of what is this. Orangewood and Central Florida Parkway. Now I don't know if this is a joke
enough, but I just walked inside the bank, and there's some ladies with a rifle bringing the
people inside the vault. And I just walked in and she goes, oh, you better turn around
and get out, and I turn around the left. And I'm standing in the park on right now.
Okay, yeah, we have deputies on the way right now. Hang on one second, okay?
Okay. Was she white, black, or santic?
She was Hispanic.
How old was he?
I want to say she's like, I want to say she's like 45-ish.
Now I don't understand why I walked in a package because you'd better get out of here and it's her on the left.
What color shirt and pants did she have on did you see?
I want to say she has an orange shirt with like a halber top.
It's like a arms cut off.
What color pants?
I want to say black jeansish.
Now I don't know if this is a joke or not like.
No, we already have another question.
Hang on. And it was a rifle? Do you know kind of like rifle?
No, it was a rifle, all right.
Okay, but do you know what kind of rifle?
No, I didn't.
I don't know.
And she was putting everyone inside the vault?
Yeah.
I don't know why he's going in there. I'm saying not to go in there.
No, some ladies got a rifle in there with, uh...
Can you still see her? Like, are you in the parking lot or...
No, I'm in the, I'm in the parking. I'm in the parking lot.
Yeah, you saw it too, huh?
Can you see inside the bank, or?
No, I can't.
It's kind of like I'm on the, the entrance of the bank is facing Orangewood,
and I kind of like, I'm on the side of it.
But she hasn't, she hasn't exited the bank yet?
No, I'm staying right in front.
I guess there's only one entrance.
So she was lasting inside the bank.
She's still inside the bank as far as you know.
Oh, yeah, she's in the back, yeah.
There's only the one entrance that you have at the front.
Yes. As far as I can see, yeah.
And I think it's funny, why don't what else would you let me out?
And it's like, I don't know if this is a joke, so I'm just calling you guys to say hey.
