Sayaville number one with the address.
Hey, how you doing?
I'd like to report like a double murder in Cambridge Arms.
Okay, do you know the address?
Wow.
Yeah, and hold on, what the it's like?
Are you kidding me?
The address, fucking, are you serious?
Um, I don't know, honestly, just a, uh, 20, 29, I live in
so I'm guessing that they're, wow, insane.
28, 28, 28, 28, A, B, C, A, B, C, 28 C, 28 C.
Yep.
I walked through the backyard and glass sat it out and walked in there, like, peeked in there real quick
and seen some chick just laying there lifeless, and I walked in.
Yeah, because I know those in there.
I know those people.
Okay, what's up on a very far from, sir?
You want to remain anonymous?
Yeah, I would like to remain anonymous.
Okay, can you tell me exactly what happened?
Like, well, I don't know.
I walk past the back.
I'm looking for my debit card.
I lost my debit card, and, uh, wow, that's crazy.
And I just see glass shattered all over the, like the porch in the back, which, you know what I mean?
Wow, that's crazy, though.
Buddy was, um, yeah.
Well, hold on.
I'm still, like, kind of, yeah.
Wow, all right, yeah.
So I walked in, I walked in, and, uh, the chick was just laying there, like, on the match.
Not even moving.
And then I looked around like stepping around and then I see buddy laying right there on the kitchen floor like dead
I don't know he looks like he was shot in the head like blood everyone on the floor like crazy you know what I mean
so then I just walked right out and wow that's crazy yeah are you still there yeah I'm outside of my
I live in Cambridge Jones also I'm outside I'm on duty right now I came because I was looking for my debit car
you know what
wow that's crazy
yeah I'd like to remain
anonymous though I almost
I had to think about calling them out
wow that's crazy
okay but you're still out there
yeah I'm out there but I'm about to leave
I gotta go like the worst
I'm on duty
wow
insane
I mean should I stay
if you want to speak with the officers
feel like that's not anonymous there
Right. You know what I mean?
Especially in Cambridge Johns, but all right. Yeah, that's crazy. I know those people too, man. They're cool.
Like, I just talked to him earlier today. I was over there talking.
That's insane. I'm serious. Wow.
All right, yeah, okay. All right. I guess what? So what happens now?
Can you describe the subject for me?
The subject, black male, yeah, dead. And the female, black female dead. You know what I mean?
The guy, he's probably like, like I said, I talked to himself.
Do you know how old he is or his name?
Probably like 30, 33.
I don't even know his name.
I just remember border.
You remember what?
You, I remember what?
Do you call him border?
No, I call him, I just be like, what's up, boy, what's up, boy?
Oh, okay.
Well, yeah, I'm out.
That's crazy, man.
So you think he was shot in the head?
It looked like he was shot in the head, yeah.
I've seen a whole bunch of blood around his head, like, who was in out?
Wow, that's disgusting.
And he was in the kitchen?
Yeah, he was laying in the kitchen, yeah.
right over him and looked at him. It was like, what do I do? Are you serious right now?
And the female?
Almost freaking out. The female was just laying there. Like, I didn't know if somebody was in the house
and you know what I mean? I looked around real quick and then got out of there. The female
was just laying there on the mattress also. On the mattress in a living room?
Yeah, in the living room. They had like a mattress on the ground or something. I don't know.
I just seen it like laying face down on the ground. She had red pants on. That's all I remember.
see the cops now.
Oh, they're going the wrong way.
They're going the wrong way.
Almost, no, I didn't even get involved.
Shit, stop that.
The thing that thing was like, I don't know.
You know what I mean, like a drugger.
So you just saw they weren't moving.
You didn't check if they were breathing or anything like that?
Yeah, they weren't breathing.
I mean, no, I didn't check that at all.
No, I didn't touch them at all.
Stop that.
Yeah, he was one of the.
the officers. Okay, well he just passed me, I was about to say something.
I'm turning around.
You're turning around?
I'm turning around.
I just don't want to even get involved with the cops in this type of neighborhood, though.
Who knows, you know what I mean?
Are you going to speak with them?
Should I?
I mean, would it help anything?
Like, I didn't see anything, so I don't really understand, you know,
if I need to speak with them or not.
I mean, I'm willing to, like, you think that there doesn't need for that, but I don't, you know what I mean?
Yeah, I just want to make sure that...
I didn't even want to report it.
I just want to make sure that they're going to the same, the right spot, you know?
Okay.
But if, I mean, that's completely up to you.
Sir, sir, it's right here.
I was the one, I'm talking to it right now.
Hold on.
Hello, you still there?
I'm still here.
This is crazy.
It's right here, sir.
Oh, wow.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, I'm going to go.
No, hold on.
Oh, my God.
Okay, I'm going to speak with that possible.
Oh, my God.
Okay, I'm going to get off the phone, all right?
Okay, you let and speak with him.
They are.
Thank you.
