9-1-1, please fire a medical.
Pardon me?
911, please fire a medical?
Somebody got shot at.
Somebody got shot at?
Yeah, and out here in Mountain Doe.
What do you mean?
Intentionally.
Oh, they're still shooting.
Oh, my God, they're still shooting.
Oh, my God.
They were they shooting at road?
They're shooting at someone?
Yes, and the neighbor ran over and said,
the guy that says with them is shooting, and we're...
Are they trying to shoot at them?
No, I'm scared.
Okay, ma'am, I need you to take a deep breath, okay?
I'm already getting help started.
I need to take a deep breath and tell me what's going on.
Mountain Dell Road.
I'm so scared to the first.
Okay.
Who is it that shooting?
Um, go ahead.
You don't want to put you in for your house.
What I do?
Ma'am, I need to know who's shooting.
What do I do?
You need to listen to me and answer my questions.
That's what I need you to do.
Do you shooting.
The lady is coming over and I'm afraid to come outside.
Don't go outside.
Do you know who is shooting?
What do I do?
Ma'am.
When did the number?
Okay.
Someone has been shot?
Ma'am.
Has someone been shot?
I don't know.
I can't get up.
I'm afraid to go out.
Okay.
Who's shooting?
It's just the neighbor.
And she's in my driveway, but she's yelling to call for an ambulance.
She's the one that shot someone?
Her boyfriend.
Her boyfriend shot someone?
Yes, and she said, get an ambulance, it's quick.
So if we can get an ambulance.
Okay, we have help coming.
So did he intentionally shoot someone?
I think so.
They just need help right away.
And I'm just scared I've never heard anybody shooting in here before.
Okay.
But you don't know why or who has gone or anything?
No, no.
know anything except her son ran over and now she parked in her car in our driveway and she said
to get an ambulance quick so the female neighbor ran over well no her son did but then the
boyfriend is the one that's shooting so we just need an ambulance that's what he said and so when
the neighbor's son ran over and told you that they needed an ambulance well at first he said call
a police and then i did i try to get nine one and then now her he's in our driveway and she told me to call
ambulance. Okay, do you know their name? They're in our driveway and he's shot. I guess they're in our
driveway. Who's shot? Who's shot? Who's shot? Brian is shot. Who's Brian? Her boyfriend. Her boyfriend
is shot? So who was doing the shooting then? I'm sorry. It's just, yeah, she just said get an
ambulance. Okay, who did the shooting? I need to know if there's that. I don't know. I don't know.
I don't know. I don't know. I don't know what else to say.
Ma'am, listen. I need to know if there's an active shooter out there right now that's trying to see people, or if this was an accident or what's going on that sense.
I don't know. I don't know anything. He just needs help when she needs an ambulance and help.
Okay. Do you know where he was shot? No, I don't know.
Are they all out in your driveway right now?
They're in their car. They're in their cars. They're in their cars? Do you see any gun?
What kind of car are they in?
It's just a blue, aqua blue.
They're just in our driveway where Derry Creek is our road.
It's an aqua blue what?
I can't read it from here.
Did they just need an ambulance?
Okay.
Is it a sedan?
Listen, Pelham and tells us all the way, but we can't approach until we don't see it's safe.
So we don't know if someone still has a gun and is still shooting.
We don't know that.
I don't know.
Okay.
So they still have a gun.
I can't answer her.
Did they sue?
We need to know if this was intentional.
They don't have a gun.
They don't have a gun in the car here.
But, you know, someone over at the house, it has got a gun or something.
Okay.
So someone at the house across the street has the guy.
The people in the car are safe.
There's no weapons.
There's no weapons in this car in the driveway.
No.
I just want an ambulance because the guy is hurt in the car.
Okay.
And she's still screaming.
and stuff. He doesn't need an ambulance and help.
Okay, but she doesn't, well, I understand that, and we have any ambulance coming,
but we need to know what's going on with the other people involved.
So do you know who else was with them across the street?
I know if it's the son and the mother and her boyfriend, but her boyfriend is shot,
and that's as much as I know.
I don't know anything else when I'm a friend.
So is the son with them?
Yeah.
Indoms in the blue car.
I'm sorry.
That's as much as I know.
They just need an ambulance.
So is the son in the car with the girlfriend?
Her boyfriend is in the car.
I know that.
I know that.
Are they all three in the car?
They're just a couple miles in most clean.
We just need an ambulance.
Ma'am, because this is involving a shooting.
I know.
So it's more than just an ambulance, okay?
So we have to make sure that nobody else gets hurt.
I understand.
They just send an ambulance in.
So we need to know what's going on.
So do you know that...
I don't know what else to say.
As much as I know, and I'm not going to go.
Okay, listen.
Does there are questions about your neighbors, okay?
Do you know that it's just the three of them that live?
It's the three of them that live there, but I don't know who is shooting.
Okay.
Can you tell me the name of the victim?
I don't know that name.
I just know.
Is somebody on the way?
We need to know someone's on the way.
They are, yes.
They're coming.
So the victim is Brian.
Do you know his last name?
No, I don't know their last name.
I don't know their last name.
Okay.
Do we know anything about the injuries?
Like what?
No, I don't know anything.
I just know they ran over and she's in her car and I'm not going to go outside.
I'm scared to.
I know, but she's in her car and she's waiting.
Okay.
In my driveway.
And what's the girlfriend's name?
I am.
And I don't know her love name.
Okay.
And then you don't know if the son is in the car?
No, I don't.
I think it's just Brian in the car, her boyfriend, I believe.
Okay.
And what's the son's name?
I don't know any other information, but they don't have guns in our driveway.
Okay.
She needs help right now because the hurt person is in the car.
Yeah, I understand.
We have help coming, okay?
They got help coming.
She said they got help.
She just wants them all the information, and I'm just scared.
I don't want to be in my window.
We don't know.
anything that's okay we're going to have sheriff here but that's it they're there okay what's
your name ma'am i'm sorry i'm sorry ma'am it's okay i've just never had anything like
this happen around here before and i'm i know it's very scary i understand my mouth is dry
i know i know i know it's scary okay you're doing fine we're just trying to get as much information as we
