911, what's the address of your emergency?
It's about a quarter mile west of Castlepin on the railroad tracks.
We've got a train that derailed and there's a fire.
Okay, a quarter mile west of where?
Mr. Castle, then, okay.
Okay.
Okay, so, okay, I just got to look on the map here to get a better location.
Right along the highway stand towards right, right.
By the ethanol plant.
By the ethanol plant on 10?
Just east of the west of the between Kasselton and the ethanol plant on the railroad track.
Okay, and you said a quarter mile west of Kasselton?
Yep.
So roughly 154th.
Okay.
And you said that it's on fire?
Yeah, there's fire, and there's engineers trying to get out of the train right.
Train right now, so I'm heading that way.
Okay, do you know how many cars derailed?
I can't tell you at this time.
All I know, there's a lot of smoke.
Okay, do you know what was in the cars?
It looks like drain cars.
All right, and do you know how many people are still in the train?
There's probably three guys in the train.
I heard them on the radio.
They were trying to get out.
I don't know if they're in it or not.
I'm trying to drive that way.
Okay, are you with BNFF?
Yeah, I am.
I was parked and I heard a noise and I thought some stuff lying off the tracks and I called their train right away and they went into an emergency stop mode.
All right. Well, we've already got help on the way.
If you get unseen and have any updates for us, just give us a call back, okay?
Okay, thanks.
All right, thanks.
Bye-bye.
9-1-1.
What's the address of your emergency?
see uh trained your railroad went near cacleton are you aware of it yep we've got help on the way
all right thank you thanks bye bye 9-1-1 9-1 i'm calling to report uh trained email rent
okay give a direct line the site so we get multiple calls on this okay that you know about
it then thank you sir can you see what's going on if i'm asking you i'm assuming it's
Therelson ethanol's cars, I would have to see anything at all from where you're at.
Yeah, the flames are shooting up pretty high.
Okay, all right, hold on a second, please.
911, what's the address of the emergency?
I don't know.
Are you in camp up in?
Yes.
Okay, are you involved in this at all?
I'm part of the train crew.
You're part of the train crew?
Do you know if anybody's injured, we have someone else on there?
Nobody's injured at this point that we know of.
Okay.
And what do you have on board?
Ethanol.
You have ethanol?
Right.
Load on an empty.
We're walking away from it.
Looks like there's two trains.
We're actually trying to figure it out yet.
Two trains?
As far as I know.
Yep.
I still got you
Okay
All right
We do have people on the way, okay?
Okay, it's a loaded ethanol
And an empty ethanol train
Okay, do you know how many cars?
No, I can't tell how many cars
For sure there's one ruptured
But I'd be worried about these empties blowing up
Okay, okay
We do have people on the way
If you just want to make sure
Everyone keeps leaving the scene
Everybody's walking away, yep.
Thank you.
Yep, bye-bye.
9-1-1, what's the address of your emergency?
Well, it's helped my castle to the longest rack for that confederer's farm.
We do have that reported.
We have help on the way.
Okay, the chemical?
Thank you.
Yep, there are.
Bye.
Bye.
emergency. Hi, um,
Tassleton. I don't, there's like huge black smoke. I don't know if somebody's house is on fire.
We're aware that it's a train derailment with a fire. So stay out of the area.
I'm sorry. I just saw it out my window and didn't know if nobody had called.
Yeah, that's okay. Thank you. Okay. Bye. Bye.
There's like three things you're having in a home.
I don't know. I don't know. It's an emergency. Hey, I'm calling about this, uh, a great
This train that's on fire out by gasoline on part of the train crews.
Is there a contact on site?
We're in position here if we get the okay from somebody
if they want us to make a cut on this train
and pull part of it away.
Hold on for just a second.
Okay.
I want any more oil that can turn up.
I look like this stuff's going to start blowing up.
It's going to burn it up.
Well, if we have the fucking gas show, it'll do it's out.
Okay.
to transfer us one of the deputies that's on scene hold on for just a second okay all right all right
