Sunday, March 15th, 2009.
The time, 1.43 p.m.
Townhouse community?
Yes.
Here's rescue. Go ahead and talk to them.
Yes, an airplane just went down.
I think he had a parachute on him, a guy parachuting.
I think the townhouse is across from like P.W. Perry and Flyar Hill, right up the, it's not for a school road.
Do you have a intersection or something?
It's Mallory.
I believe it's Mallory and it's not for a school road.
Mallory.
Mallory and Schoffer School Road.
Okay, hold on.
Oh, my God.
Was it a big plane or a small plane?
It didn't look like a real big plane.
I wouldn't say it's the smallest plane I've ever seen, medium size.
All right.
What's your name?
But we could hear the engine of this noise.
So did the plane explode?
We could hear this noise, and my husband and I were here in the living room,
and I said, what is that?
That's a funny noise, you know, and kind of loud.
And I said, it sounds like going on a plane.
Something's happening to a plane.
And I looked out of here, and we could see it coming down over the trees.
And all of a sudden, there it went.
It went right down.
These townhouses right before.
Do you see any smoke or fire?
We don't see any fire, I know, but we can see the, I guess,
he must have somebody parachuting or something behind them.
I don't know.
I see a, like, a parachute type of thing.
thing strong from the tree.
It's orange and white stripe.
So the plane went down and I guess somebody, I guess he had somebody behind her.
I don't know, maybe he tried to, you know, get out of the plane and parachute out of the plane.
I don't know, because I didn't see it happen, you know, from the very start.
I just saw it as it was coming down through the trees.
So I don't know if the pilot tried to, you know, if it's his parachute, if he was, you know, somebody was, I don't know.
I don't know what happened, but there definitely is a plane that just went down.
Okay.
All right, well, we're going to send some help out there.
If you have any more information, call us back, okay?
Okay, sure, yeah.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Sunday, March 15th, 2009.
The time 1.44 p.m.
Fire name is my name.
Hello, my name is my 8135 Snobacco School Road.
A small aircraft just came down in the,
across the street from the nursery here, Snopher School Road, in Flower Hill.
Mallory Place and Snuffer School Road.
It's right on Mallory and Snopper.
Okay, he said right.
So is it near Terry Laurel Lane?
Just past Terry Laurel.
It's come on up Snobher School Road, left on Mallory Place, M-A-L-L-O-R-Y.
Okay, and your name?
It's Mike.
Hurry up.
Okay.
Sir, we're on the way.
Thank you.
Thank you.
15th, 2009, the time, 1.44 p.m.
A plane crashed on Mallory.
And it's not for school road?
Yes, and it's not for school road.
Yes, and we're on the way there.
I'm sorry?
We are on the way there.
Okay, thank you.
Sunday, March 15th, 2009, the time, 147 p.m.
Fire and ambulance.
Yes, I just, there was an airplane, I think, a couple of people had crashed.
Yes, we have that.
Is there a school road?
Uh-huh.
Do you see any smoke or fire, sir?
Is you on this thing?
I'm sorry?
The fuel is leaking on the airplane back.
Like, it is pouring all over the road.
Okay, and is there any smoke or fire?
No smoke, no fire.
Operator's okay.
Okay, we're on the way there.
All right.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
