Yes, ma'am.
Yes, ma'am.
My name is Special Agent Richard A. Smith,
badge number 0,931 with the United States Aluminati Order.
Uh-huh.
Right now, I am currently stuck inside of the air conditioner unit
on top of the Knoxville Museum of Art,
downtown at the World Fair Park.
I was here trying to complete an operation that went terribly wrong and I've kind of got myself into a position that I can't get myself out of and I can't contact my superiors and I need the rescue squad to come and get me out immediately, please.
Okay, where are you out again? The museum?
The Knoxville Museum of Art.
Okay.
across it's next to the you know in the World's Center Park correct I'm from the
top of the roof there is a ventilator shaft at least to the main air conditioning
unit and I have to the rope that's going down to the top of it and I'm set at the
very bottom there's a very very narrow path and I can't get back up I'll need a
harness and a rope that's at least probably about 45 to 50 feet.
Okay, what's your phone number, sir?
My phone number is area code 865.
Okay, hold on. Is that okay?
Yes, ma'am.
See, your mic, give me a Tango Hotel 423.
Please submit.
See you're a mic, give me a Tango Hotel 423.
Please respond, over.
Yes, sir.
Yes, ma'am.
Okay, who are you with again?
Special Agent Richard A. Smith, badge number 0931 with the United States Aluminati Order.
I'm sorry, the United States what?
Illuminati Orcher.
You won't be able to find that on your national...
All right, and you're saying the Illuminati order, right?
Yes, ma'am.
Okay, well, we'll go ahead and get this over to dispatch, okay?
Thank you, timely.
Thank you.
All right, all right.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Yes, ma'am.
This is Special Agent Richard A. Smith, Batchett, number 3931, but the United States
Illuminati order, someone just called me from that number.
Okay, hold on one second, sir.
Thank you.
Uh-huh.
Okay, Satter?
Yes, ma'am.
I'm just trying to find your exact location.
Okay.
I know you're...
I'm sorry, what?
How can I assist them with that?
Okay, exactly, is there just one AC unit on the roof?
Okay, let's see.
When they get on the roof, yes, there's only one main unit.
Uh, once they get to the, uh...
I guess you say the front side of it where the pipe goes down into the roof, it goes down about 45 to 50 feet.
And I'm at the face of that, I'm going to carry a bottle with that.
I can hear them on the roof.
Okay, hold on, sir.
Thank you.
Okay, sir.
They're going to wait and get the ladder trick up there, okay?
Thank you very much.
You're welcome.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
