911 emergency.
Yes, is this a police station?
Yes, it is.
May it help you?
Yeah, okay, I put, this is ridiculous, but I am on 24th Street and a car wash stuck inside.
I put $5 in, it put a soak on me, and it won't open the doors, and I'm scared to get out of the car.
What's the name of the car wash?
It's, um, I don't know.
It's, um, 24th Street.
It's right next to, like, um, a party store or, gosh, I don't even know.
I'm just, like, freaked out.
You're on 24th Street?
Yeah.
24th Street. Do you know any other
landmarks around there? I'm
across from Mueller Brass.
Okay, you're across from Mueller Brasson.
Yeah. Okay. All right, hold on just a minute, okay?
You don't hang up.
All right, thanks.
Hello?
Yeah.
Okay, what do you mean you can't move your car out? Is that what you're saying?
Yeah, the garage doors are shut on both sides and they're not opening.
Okay, was there anybody working there, or is that one of those self-serves?
It's one of those self-serves.
It put like a soak on my car, and it never did anything else.
Both doors are shut.
And you don't know what the name of it's called at all?
It's a super, or super, so I don't, I can't.
You're cross from Mueller, right?
You're across from Mueller, brass, and you're on 24.
And I'm in a Jeep.
I'm in a Jeep, I can't see, you can't even see it inside.
I'm freaking out.
Okay.
I know.
Your call says that you're calling from Flint.
No, because that's my cell phone.
Your cell phone, okay.
I have a boost phone.
Do you have what?
A boost?
I'm going to run out of a minute.
A boost phone.
Are you going to do, can you do this or not?
Okay.
I'm sort of freak out.
All right.
I don't want to get out of the card and bang on the door because I know nobody's going to hear, you know.
Okay, is everything running?
Like all these things are running?
No, nothing's running.
No, no one's running.
Why don't you get out?
Maybe there's a button on the side of the wall that you can push that will open the doors.
There has to be something that you should be able to push.
There's a guy behind me.
I hope he doesn't start it.
Well, if he does, then you'll be able to get out.
Huh?
If he does, you'll be able to get out.
I know, but if he starts to watch, I'm going to be super soaked.
Oh, that's true.
Well, he should know if it's cold that it's not going to start.
Okay.
Okay. No, you can't tell me.
I don't know the name of the place for your ad.
We can try to find you.
But there should be a button inside, okay?
I'm scared to get out of here.
Okay, you can't see any buttons on the wall.
I'm stuck in here.
I'm stuck.
Is there a big number on the wall?
I can't get out.
Look up on the wall.
I can't get that number.
Who are you talking to?
I'm trying to tell them.
I can't get out.
So there's a guy out there with you?
What are you?
No, there's a people on the other.
Sorry, there is.
Tell them to, if they can call.
Okay, it's called the best auto wash.
Bost hour wash, okay.
The best, the best auto wash.
Best, V-E-S-P.
Can you know.
Tell me what the name of it is, again.
The best, B-E-S auto wash.
I'm trying to figure out of the thing.
Okay.
Tell them guys to see if they can call a number on the building
so the manager will come and get you out.
There should be a number somewhere on the wall.
And you're not going to, you're not.
I call that number.
It gave me an answering machine.
Okay, I got to, my minutes are going to run out.
Well, you need to leave a message.
Tell them to get down there.
I did.
I left twice.
I left two messages.
Then someone will be coming down there, okay?
And don't see if you're outside there, tell them to call somebody for you.
What's the phone number you called?
I called 92-9889.
Okay.
All right.
Well, you know.
And then they get emergencies only, and I call 5-8-6-9-49-8-8-4-0, and there's not a, I don't know what to do.
Okay.
And John, these people, they can't open it either.
And there's like five buttons in the walk.
Stop and tell me, 949-844-0 is the other number they told you to call?
Yeah, and I called there, and it's an alarm thing, and they said, we have nothing to do with the car wash.
Okay.
You know, I'll call for you, okay?
But there should be a button inside where you're at on where the wall.
There's seven buttons, and none of them say what to do.
Okay, there should be something.
If you get up there, you'll see.
There should be something up there, okay?
And we'll see if we can make.
on the wall three now i got out of the car okay and you left the message on the machine right so
whoever knows knows that you're stuck in there okay right i left it twice well what we'll try
contacting them but we can't really like the officers can't come over there and break the door to let you
out okay okay but we'll try to make contact with the owner of the car wash okay okay all right
good luck all right bye bye
