Allie, Tony 911, where's your emergency?
Yeah, we deliver papers out on Lakeshore, and we are delivering papers on Lakeshore and, like, where M89 and Lake Shore, where, you go down Lake Shore and it's the road followed in.
You can't go to Douglas like you used to be able to.
Okay.
We lost contact with two carriers, with the carrier and somebody at Hickman, they had two phones with them.
We went down there, we followed their newspapers to that spot where the road is gone.
And the water is just rushing up under it.
We got this bad.
Okay, so are they Lakeshore an M89?
Is that where they are?
Lakeshore in M89.
Okay.
And when you follow the road down Lake Torres, the road is gone.
And we're thinking they drove over it and felt in.
Okay, but you're not certain.
You think that's where they are?
We're almost 100% positive.
We follow the papers up to that point.
They did not read from that point.
There's no, there's no, there's no, there's no, there's no, there's no, take them from that point.
What's your last name, sir?
Oh, H-U-S-U-S.
Your first name?
Larry.
Larry, what's the phone where you're calling from?
Uh, you can call me at, um, 269.
Okay.
This one.
Okay, so I can reach you get that one, too?
Yeah.
Okay.
Do you think that they drown?
I mean, do you think that they're down in the water?
Yes, we think that they drove over that, and it's,
walked off the road and they fell into the into the water which runs right in the lake
michigan okay okay okay yeah sir larry okay you have no way of making contact with them
no way to make contact them make sure dead ends okay when you go that way it dead ends okay when you
think they're down there yes and when you go the up they go down there and they turn around and
go the other way when we lost contact we went and went the other way there's no trace of newspapers
you go the other way where they begin there's traces the newspapers until you go the other way where they begin
get to that big old hole. Okay, so they went south on Lake Shore? They went south on Lake Shore.
Okay. South on Lake Shore. What kind of car are they in? Do you know? What kind of car would they be in?
Green Saturn. A green Saturn? Yes. Where are you guys at right now? Where are you at? We're at the, we're at the
34 shell. The 34 shell? 1089 shell. Okay. Hang on, okay. One of these good boys.
Okay, one second.
This one.
Are you there, Larry?
Yes, I am.
Hang on the wire to see a second, okay?
I'm just going to try and get somebody down there.
One second here.
And you said you're at this 34 shell, right?
Yes, man.
Yes.
Yep.
Do you see where a car went in there or no?
No, you know, it's a...
The water runs.
out to the river, right?
Okay.
To the Lake Michigan.
When you get to that point,
there's nothing.
The road's gone.
Okay.
It's gone.
So if the car fell off
from there or drove on it,
the ground wouldn't be under
until you would just drop off.
We had no rights.
We got flashlights now,
but if I go back there,
I don't have a signal.
Okay.
So I can't talk to you from there.
Okay.
I understand, okay.
I know you're upset and frustrated.
We're just trying to get their proper
information, okay, to get to my officer.
okay when were you not when were you did you make contact with them last it's been a couple hours
a couple hours yes it's been a long time but um another carrier um he got stuck in some water
so he went over there and got him and i told come back to the house and then everyone's like
what happened to d and d nobody they didn't want to talk to him all night and they got two phones
he had one in this pocket and she had a two-way two different types of phones and so we
decided to go look for him. I was taking him back to I also get another car. We went down
race floor and that's what we found. When you turned left, there ain't more boxes. There ain't no
question that's been done. You turn right and it's a dead end road. I mean, you go down there
and you follow their path that they would pay and it leads you to that hole. Okay. You
that they would have been in a green saturn? Yes. If you can get an officer here, I could
show him where it's at. Okay. What are their names?
Carissa Green and Dean Bowen, Taylor, Taylor, Dean Taylor, Dean Taylor and Clarissa what?
Greene, uh, Corrissa Green.
What kind of how are you in Larry?
I'm in a, I'm in a, um, I'm in a, um, I'm in a Ford up 150.
What color?
Uh, silver.
Okay.
All right, hang on a second, okay?
I'm just, I'm going to see if I get to everybody.
Don't hang up.
Well, hey, the, press, press the red button.
Okay, now, go over, go over to an hotel.
Yes, you call me in a lot.
It's the other one.
Sir?
Hello?
Yes.
Okay.
Hang tight there, I'm going to get somebody over to you, okay?
You know, we really think this is an extreme emergency.
Okay, I understand, sir.
And you're going to be on that phone.
Yeah, but actually we would like to go back down.
This is we have some flashlights and see if they're down there.
Okay, I don't want you to go back down there if there's a lot of flooding and things like that.
I don't want you to put your phone in the day.
No, no, if you can go right to the hole and look, there ain't no flooding,
ain't no water on the road just as had washed it out, but it's pitch black.
You can't see nothing.
And, like, we're thinking me and Michael, there was a tree laying on the other side,
and we're wondering if they drove up to the tree,
stopped and they did the road class.
Okay, so the water, the roadway is just been
washed out? Yeah, the road's gone.
That's how we're wondering. They to wash out the dirt from under the concrete.
They stopped through the tree and fell in.
Okay. Does that make sense to you?
So you think their roads washed out and that they went down there? Say that again?
There's a tree that fell right on the other side.
We're thinking they drove up to the tree and stopped. And when they did,
You know, because the dirt washed from under the road,
because the concrete would just fade in most of the time
until they sat on it, and then it just fell in.
Okay.
Okay.
All right.
It ain't unsafe to go down there.
I mean, there ain't no water around that.
You can hear it rushing like a river down there in the dingo.
Okay.
Okay, so you're going to go to Lake Shore, M89, and wait then?
Is that your thing, Larry?
Um, well, how, how long is going to take to get to 34 Shell, M89, and Blue Star?
I'm going to try and get you somebody as soon as I can, sir.
How long?
What are they?
I can't give you an ETA.
I'm going to try and get somebody to as soon as I can.
Five minutes, what?
I can't give you an ETA, Larry.
I'm going to try and get something to you as soon as I can.
I'd rather you wait at the M.89 cell there for an officer.
Tell me, tell, well, if you're going to take 10, 15 minutes,
and they're down there freaking drowning or something.
Okay, one second, Mary.
Okay, don't hang up.
Who are you talking to?
Don't tell her to stay home, though.
You don't need her getting out of here in the water, too.
Being flooded everywhere, you know.
Hey, do they any fast place?
Man, we think nothing, right something, man.
We think Dean and Dean went down Lake Shore and the road selling.
We think they fell into the thing down that.
We called 911.
They're dragging ass about getting some way out here.
They ain't done no other papers down Lake Shore.
We need to light, man.
Yes, the road is flat gone.
The newspapers leave right up to that spot.
There's a tree right on the other side, like maybe they stopped,
and the road gave out from under them.
They ain't done no buses past that point.
And we cannot find that.
If they broke down and tore up or anything,
they had two phones on them.
Bean had a different type of branch, like a continuum in his pocket,
And Jean had her next phone.
We can't get rid of either one of them.
Lakesore, man.
You take 1089 down until you don't work late for there.
You had sound from legs for.
And when you get down.
Mary?
Okay.
So you have two of your mail carriers that are out this morning?
They're delivering the newspapers.
The Grand Rapids Pressman.
No, hold on, I'm trying to the police officer.
Yes, I am.
I'm at the show.
They were delivering newspapers, Sunday newspapers.
They have two phones on.
Dean has a continual in his pocket.
Gene had her all cells.
Okay.
And I ought to tell me lost book.
Connect cell.
So they had two different types of phones and fully charged phones.
Okay.
Other than not being able to get a hold of them on their phone,
there's no other reason for you to think that something bad happens in them, correct?
No, yes.
The, the, um,
The, um, there ain't no newspapers past that point.
Larry, listen to me a second, all right?
The roads are really bad.
I'm going to, we're, they delivered newspapers.
You can watch the mailboxes all the way to death.
Okay.
But you said that the road was washed out there, correct?
Yeah.
So they couldn't go past that point, right?
Nope.
So they wanted to be able to deliver newspapers past that point if there's no more there, correct?
Okay.
Listen, no.
I get what you're getting at, but the road dead in.
They would turn, right after that spot, they would do one more box.
The roads would dead in and they would turn around, come back down Lake Shore, pass up to M89 and start again.
But you don't see where the vehicle had gone off the road or anything like that, right?
No.
Okay.
Where are you waiting right now?
Well, y'all are taking forever, so we're going to be at 21817 Lakeshore.
2817, 2817 Lake Shore.
Okay.
We're doing the bus that we can.
And like I said, we'll get someone out to you.
And like my partner told you, we'll get someone out to you as soon as we can.
Okay, we're going down there.
Bye.
Larry?
Start.
