9-1-1, where's your emergency?
9-1-1, where's your emergency?
I'm out here right, agent, and I lock my keys in my car.
Is there any way that someone can come out here and unlock my car?
Commercial services are available in town to do that.
man police and fire cannot what do you mean commercial services i mean you'll have to pay to have
it done okay uh the closest is uh massings their number is 987 all right thank you good day
9-1-1 where's your emergency it's not an emergency uh the only way i know how to get in touch with this
woman is through officer
through Bourbon County
Okay, I need you to call back on a
non-emergency line
Okay, how do I do that? What's the number?
859.
Okay.
987. All right.
2100.
Thank you.
911, where's your emergency?
Um,
what's going on there?
Um, there's
some hycoons in my attic
and it sounds like they,
They've made their way into the attic somehow from outside.
And it sounds like they're trying to scratch their way into the house.
Okay, you dialed 911 for raccoons in your attic?
Well, yeah, because animal control came out one other time,
and they said that if I needed them again, they could go up there and get the raccoons.
The animal control people I called because the last time, it was last year,
because the snake got in the house.
I'm serious and your name I haven't called my landlord yet I went so I didn't know whether to call her first but it sounds like they're just digging up the floor up there and what's your phone number Teresa 749 well you definitely need to call your landlord but next time you need to call on the administrative line that's taken up an emergency line for people who need medical assistance
What's, oh, I'm sorry, then how do I get the administrative line?
It's 987, 2,100.
2100?
Okay, I'll call that then.
But we'll get a hold of animal control.
Okay, thank you.
Uh-huh.
All right, thank you.
911, where's your emergency?
I hear you breathing.
911, where's your emergency?
I'm sorry, but the fireworks still on.
I'm sorry, you cannot call 911 for that.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
