Saturday, May 31st, 2014.
The time, 10.31.
9-1-1, do you need police fire or rescue?
I think someone's trying to break into my home, just off of 56th Avenue.
He broke a window, and I'm home alone.
I'm 14.
Just a window, but I don't know what he can do next.
Who is he?
I don't know.
It's danger.
You're 14?
I think I saw.
I'm 14 and I'm all alone.
Which window did he break?
One in the back.
He already tried opening the door.
That's when I heard him.
Did you see anyone?
Just a single male black tank top.
That's all I can really give right about now is towards the description.
And they tried to open the door in the back?
Yes.
Okay.
I heard like the door being pounded.
I heard the knob trying to be turned.
Okay, do you know if he's a white, black, a Latin male?
Mm-hmm.
Do you know if he's a white, black, or Latin male?
Um, probably, I can't see now.
Maybe he went away, but probably, oh, I'm going to be white.
Um, definitely not black, but I can't tell if he was Latino or white.
And there's not much of trouble for other weapons in my house, so I don't have.
how much to defend myself.
What was he wearing?
A black tink top, and I think he had something in his head.
Whether it would be a hammer or a co-bar, I couldn't tell.
But I can see the glass shattering.
Maybe he just did that and ran away, but I don't really know right now.
The parents are on their way home, but that's from Miami, so I don't know when they're going to be getting home.
Okay, they're coming from Miami?
Yes, my brother is living out of college today, so.
What type of vehicle are they driving?
Um, considering both vehicles are gone, I would say a white Kia Sorrento, a dark blue Dodge Dernie.
And he's coming.
And like a golden Hyundai sonata.
Okay.
Oh, definitely.
He's coming in right now.
Come in.
You hear the glass?
He's coming in.
Yes, he's coming in.
I need to see him.
Definitely white, black, black top.
Where are you at now?
I'm in the front room with my shoe horn as a weapon.
Do you hear anything?
Yes.
You know the front door.
Can you go in a room and lock it?
Yes, that's something we can do right now.
I am now in my bedroom.
Okay, where is your bedroom?
Okay.
Where is your bedroom located in the house?
We have a long central hallway, and if you go down from coming in from the front door, it's when you go down to the central hallway, it's the second door, or the first one right.
It's on the east side of the house or the west side of the house?
I'm sorry, ma'am, I can't say that right now. I don't know.
Okay, so you don't know if it's on the east side or what side of the house?
No, I'm sorry, but we only have on the opposite side of the kitchen.
Do you make room on the opposite side of the kitchen?
Yes.
Do you still hear someone?
Yes.
Um, ma'am, is it okay if I can...
What?
Where do you hear the person at?
In the backyard, still banging glass.
Still in the backyard?
Yeah, I don't think he's in yet.
I don't hear anything now.
Saturday, May 31st, 2014.
The time.
10.30.5.
Okay, and your room is on the opposite side of the kitten?
Yes.
Okay, and you can't tell if your room is on towards the beeway or...
Sorry.
So I'm very sorry.
I haven't called them yet. I called you first.
Okay, could you sit on their way home?
Yes, I was thinking of anyone speaker and sending them a quick text saying, hurry back.
So you heard them in the back, in the back of the house?
Mm-hmm, in the backyard.
Okay. Can you go to the back?
Sure.
No, I'm not going to scare them.
Okay, the office is in the back.
They're telling me now that the office is in the back.
in the back and for you to go to the back.
Okay, this should be a large oak tree, or maybe two opes.
Yes, the office is in the back of the house.
Yellowish house?
Okay, yeah, go to the back.
Wait, wait, wait a minute.
Does the officer see the broken glass window?
Yeah.
Okay, so maybe he ran away from the cops, I don't know.
Okay, so the officer wants me to go to the back?
Yeah, go to the back.
Okay. Are you on a Coral phone? Can you go with the phone?
Yeah, no, no, I'm on my cell phone.
Okay, go to the back of the door with your phone.
Wait, someone's in the house. I don't know if it's my family or not.
Somebody's inside the house.
Okay, where, you hear someone inside the house?
Yeah, I hear someone yell.
Okay, stay inside your road.
Okay.
Okay.
What?
Um, ma'am?
Yes?
My bedroom should be the only door closed right now.
Okay.
Your bedroom, his bedroom door, should be the only door closed.
You said your bedroom is the second door from the front?
Yes, if you were to come from the front door, and it would be a hallway.
Okay.
If you come in the front door, it's a long hallway, and it's the second door across from the kitchen.
No, you come in the room, no, you come from the front door, you take your first right, and you look left, there's a hallway.
If you will walk forward, my door...
Okay, go ahead, I'm sorry.
Okay, so if you walk forward from the front door, you take a few steps.
Turn right, go down, turn left.
There's our strong hallway.
My door would actually be the first door on your right if you were looking towards the left.
Okay, hold on a second.
Okay, is there a window in your room?
Yes, there is.
Yes?
Yes.
Okay, how many windows is it on your side of the house to your room?
quite a few.
There's actually a fenced-in, like, greenery area where our dogs used to run around.
That my room is on that side.
I see someone saying I don't know if it's an officer or not.
Okay, do you see them...
Oh, I see an officer, I see an officer.
You're an officer at your window?
He's not necessarily at my window, but he's at the front of the fenced in area.
At the fenced in area.
He's right in front of the fence. I see him.
He's right in front of the fence, officers in front of the fence.
Yes.
Can you come out through the door by your parents' bedroom?
Um, there's, I'm coming out right now.
Okay, you're coming out here.
Yeah, there's officers inside the house.
The officer has me. I'm outside.
Okay.
Go there outside with the officer.
