Okay, and when you say he's down, what do you mean?
She says he's cold and he's not breathing.
She says she's been trying to give him CPR.
Okay.
Is there any way you can get a phone, a cell phone, or something over there to him?
Well, I'll tell you what, I'm giving it to her right here.
Here she is, right here.
Okay.
About a year ago, they took police to stop in the middle of the night going up toward all these.
Hello, ma'am.
Yes, ma'am.
Okay.
Can you get in there with him?
I've been there trying to do my office.
mouth, but he's cold and stiff, really cold and stiff.
And I've been gone all day hunting for him because he's got a lot of mental problems,
and he likes to go down to Durham and Raleigh.
And he was picked up, well, it wasn't picked up, but he was stopped by the Apex Police
about a year ago because it was like 4 in the morning, and he was out there.
Okay.
He was going to go to the gang areas and get killed because he doesn't want to die of his lymphoma.
Okay.
Do you have a cell phone at all?
ma'am.
Yeah, but it died.
It died.
Okay.
What's your name?
Jolene Hardy.
Jolene Harvey?
Hardy.
H-A-R-D-Y.
Okay.
All right.
At last you were with him, I'm just going to ask you some questions.
How old is he?
He's 60 years old.
Okay.
Okay.
I'm going to sit down before I fall down.
Okay.
I have them on the way to you.
I'm just going to
talk to you while they're on the way and I'm at my neighbor's house right now because I tried all
that time to resuscitate him and he's so cold and I couldn't stand it anymore so I came over here
because it finally dawned on me I wasn't getting anywhere with it and he just got colder so I um
I've been hunting for him all last night and all day I haven't had any sleep he had been doing
these things for six years since he got to live off.
Okay, last you were over there with him, was he awake?
No, he was as cold as a bone.
Was he breathing?
No, he's stiff and cold as a bone.
And I went and blew in his mouth and nothing happens because his chest don't rise or nothing
because he's already cold.
Okay.
Do you think he's beyond any help?
Oh, God, yes.
Okay.
I've never seen a dead person.
outside of a coffin.
And then I had to put my mouth on his and it was so cold and he's got his teeth all
knocked out.
And he's all beat up looking.
His teeth are knocked down and he's beat up looking?
Yes, because he hangs out.
Sometimes he goes down to Raleigh in Durham and he walks.
And one time a year ago was so the Apex Pops saw I'm at 4 in the morning heading toward Raleigh
And they stopped him and talked to him.
And he said, is there a law against me walking down the street at 4 in the morning?
And they said, well, no.
And he said, well, I'm not a window peeper or nothing.
Can't I be on my way?
And they said, yes.
Joeline, when's the last time you saw him?
I saw him early this morning or not this morning, yesterday morning.
And then he took off somewhere evidently that evening.
When's the last time you were home?
The last time I was home.
Yes, me.
I've been out all night looking for him and all day looking for him.
Okay.
And I got at my house about 3. I'm guessing about 3.30.
3.30 this morning?
No, no, this afternoon.
Okay.
Before 3.30 this afternoon, Winston, last time you were physically.
home. At what time? When is the last time you were home inside? Yes. The last time I was home,
I was home once early morning, and he wasn't there then. But when I come back now, he is.
Okay, and you've been doing CPR. He came at 3.30? What's that? You've been doing CPR? Yes, I have.
I got heart condition and high blood pressure and cholesterol, and I got sugar diabetes a little bit.
And I couldn't breathe deep enough, but I mean, he was already sitting cold, so he's been laying there.
He had to come home sometime in the morning time, you know, not early morning, but later morning.
Because I just went in there about, I'm guessing it was 3.30.
Okay, is that the ambulance I hear pulling up?
Yes, I hear us.
Okay, go ahead and talk to them.
Go talk to them.
All right.
Okay, thank you.
Bye-bye.
