no i wonder where's your emergency yeah i got kind of like a non my father don't need to build up in the attic he's 79 years old he's you know the tippers outside he's what time to go about 50 feet up in the attic i'm just me and my mother then try to tell him to come down at the attic would you please send somebody to
get him down out of his attic okay why is he in the attic he's trying to do something serious ain't important i'm in sure i could do it and i ain't going up
I'm not going to be in the attic as hot as it is.
Okay, yeah.
So that's not a life or death emergency, okay?
If he wants to be in the attic, the police can't make.
You know, ma'am, it's hot up there in the attic.
If he gets stuck and can't get out, that's a lot.
I'm trying to prevent something from her out.
I go up in the attic.
I'm in a nutrition.
I know what I'm talking about.
Can you please let me say one word?
Does he have any mental conditions that would prevent him for making a sound decision?
Yeah, he's stubborn.
Okay, well, so that's not a life or death of him.
If he wants to be in the attic, he can be in the attic.
What's your name?
I'm going to go ahead and disconnect.
You can call us on the police department line.
My idea is 4104.
4104.
Yes, sir.
Thank you.
9-1-1, where is your emergency?
My husband is up in the attic, and he's not responding.
Okay, what's your address there?
What do you mean?
What do you mean he's not responding?
I'm calling him.
Okay, how long has he been up there?
He's been up there about an hour.
Okay, how old is your husband?
About a half an hour ago.
How old is your husband?
Who is my husband?
How old is he?
He's 79.
Seventy-nine.
We tried to get him not to go up there.
Oh, Lord.
Does he have any medical conditions?
No.
Oh, Lord.
Okay, and when you call him, he's so long.
not answering you.
He's not responding at all.
Oh, Lord.
Okay.
I don't know what to do.
Okay.
Oh.
I've got my neighbor over, and my neighbor's calling him, and he's not responding.
All right.
We're going to go ahead and get someone over there for you.
Oh, God.
Don't hang up on me, okay?
Oh, Lord.
601
601
