9.38 a.m. 50, 2nd, August 6, 2012, 9-1-1 with the address of the emergency.
And somewhere at North on Hicks, I fell through a drain cover.
You fell in a drain cover?
Yeah, I
Okay, hold on a second
Were you walking when this happened?
Yes
Hi, so what, were you walking and then fell into a sewer?
Yeah, it was
I'm trying to remember right now
Where do you live?
There's like a wood thing over the animal car.
It's still in place, so I don't know how the heck I got down here.
Were you on the street or were you on a sidewalk or?
I'm trying to remember.
Where were you going?
I was walking north on a hip and palatine.
Okay.
And I was trying to remember where I was.
How far down are you?
It's a craigslist thing covering the opening.
I don't know how I got down there because it's...
You don't know how you got down there?
No, because when I look up, there's just a little narrow opening, you know, where a person comes through.
I don't think I would have displaced it.
How far down are you?
Well, there's like a little free handles, but I don't think I'm able to get up.
Maybe four feet.
You're 12 feet under?
Yeah, and there's like a hand, you know, kind of handwritten inside, but I don't know if I'm able to
be up here.
Hold on a second.
What is your name?
Hold on a second.
Hold on a second.
What is your name?
and what is the name?
Okay.
Okay.
Can you repeat your name again, please?
What?
There's like a wood, you know, like a crate saying, you know, there's somethings in it.
Okay.
All right, so you were walking north on Hicks.
I'm sure.
Did you notice the fire department next to you?
Because I see it by a Calatine firehouse.
Are you there?
Hello?
Yeah, I think I went north.
the fire house and then I'm just going to cut through behind the...
All right.
What is your first name?
Yes.
Okay, we have a bad phone connection.
Are you injured?
I think I scream myself a little bit.
I'm down in the man who I've done about four feet down.
I don't think...
I've been trying to grab a hole of the hole.
the, oh, goodness, look, I have a hole of the handholds, but it's kind of wavily here.
So you're four feet under?
Yeah, three or four feet.
And typically, you know, there's like a crate thing, you know, the flag thing's over.
Well, I saw through, but it's like, it's all over across the open of the thing.
fell through a crate. How big is that crate that you're speaking of?
Well, it's like one of those, oh, boy, one of those square things, you know, um.
Like, what color is it? The crate.
Okay.
It's both.
All right.
All right.
Okay, just stay on the phone with me.
We do have pop on the way our phone line's breaking off.
it's going in and out.
It's north of the fighter station.
Yeah, okay.
Yeah, I see on my map that you're just north of there off the Hicks Road, so they're, um...
It must have been walking.
I don't know, how long I hit my mind to fall down because the, you know, the platform
took over, it's still in place.
It's still in place, okay.
Yeah, something.
Oh, ma'am, what side of the street were you walking on when you were going on Hicks?
Were you on the sidewalk close to the firehouse?
Are you there?
Yes.
Oh, what side of the street were you walking on?
Like on the firehouse side or the other side?
The site.
It was kind of around and back on the, what I remember is gone, uh, the parts of the firehouse, um.
By the firehouse?
Just like, where you can, uh, there's a dragway here.
And that's here.
Let me know when the fire department gets you.
But it's still in the place, Frank, trying to figure out how the heck I got down here.
Okay.
So you're walking on the, uh,
on the firehouse side, like that sidewalk?
Yeah, I used to come, what's more to the fire
enough, my mind's going here.
Um, you could come around and back
from there, and I see it put my candy also.
Did you, do you remember crossing Dundee Road?
No, I was pretty from
I ended up out here because there's like a wet, cranes, flats.
Okay.
Did you pass the firehouse?
I did.
Okay.
But you did not reach Sunday Road yet.
I'm trying to stand up, but I don't see anything.
Okay.
Now, were you walking like on a grassy area or like a pass or?
A sidehouse?
I was cutting out.
Just going to the firehouse on here, I was cutting to behind those businesses.
And about me, it's still in place.
There's like a wooden, you know, those flat things that they staff up on or certain
finish.
Okay.
And it's still in place, but I'm trying to figure out.
It's still in place, but you're selling?
I'm sorry.
It's still in place, the crate thing, and you still fell under?
Okay.
Ma'am?
Yes.
Were you walking on, like, a grassy area or a sidewalk?
I was 2030 weeks from the fire.
I already found in the airhouse on last year.
And then there's a driveway.
It comes around this north of there and is heading to deer.
So was it a, were you on pavement or were you on land, like grass or?
I'm going to the shopping planner and it's coming around at Bradley
in the dance of the stories north of the firehouse on here.
And right above my head, it looks like it's still in place almost, two, three, one of those, um, you can't call them things where they've got to find those woodplants things.
