Jackson L911, perfect.
Hi, there's gunshots.
We're all on the floor.
You're doing what?
They've been gunshots.
We're all on the floor.
We're over on Arlington University right next to Walgreens.
We're on 5551, Arlington Road.
Has anybody been shot?
I don't know. We're all inside.
We all came on inside.
Has anybody been shot?
Do you hear anyone screaming out like they've been shot?
Um, I don't know, I'm inside.
Right, from what you hear outside, did you hear anyone scream out or any tires scrolling off?
Or did you see the vehicle that did the shooting?
There are people screaming outside.
There are people, a lot of people screaming outside.
Do you know, they, did you see them actually shoot the weapon or you just heard the shot?
We all heard the shots and all came right inside.
Everyone I hear that it's in the building is not hurt.
Correct?
No one's hurt.
No one's hurt.
Is this in a building or like apartments or a residence or a building?
We're in a building or across from Walgreen.
Called Midnight Expresso.
The Midnight Express.
Okay, the cops are already here.
The cops are already here.
Okay.
Okay, thank you.
You're welcome.
Bye-bye.
There are gunshots going off.
There are gunshots going off.
There are gunshots going on to Arlington Road and University Fullard.
Ain't about doing something like somebody's been shot, sir?
I don't know if anyone's been shot, but we're just going off.
How many shots did you hear?
About five, six, seven.
Did you hear any cars speeding off?
No.
Okay, sir, what's your last name?
I'm about to check it out.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Hello.
Mama, wait, my bedpah.
Mama, Becca, I'm getting out.
Mama, Bethleh, can I help you?
Backtown Sheriff's Office, Richardson.
Somebody just got shot on all the people
roll over here by um we're not.
He was in the emergency police.
She lay on the ground by Walgreens.
There's somebody.
What's your last name, ma'am?
What's your friend?
He's dead.
They say he's dead.
He's not dead.
Did you see who the person was that shot in?
No, I didn't see him because I went.
I hear gun starts and I win.
She's dead.
Man, there's already held down the way.
You don't have to yell at me.
We've got help on the way out there to help.
And what's your last name?
Ma'am, help us on the way out there.
What's your last name?
Um, do I have to tell you?
Because I don't know the boy, I just heard some time when I came back.
The boy was on the ground and they were over there crying.
Please just please hurry up.
All right.
We've got help on the way out there.
Okay, thank you.
All right.
Bye.
Jack's one out of one else?
Um, yes.
There was gunfire.
corner of Atlantic or Arlington Expressway and University.
Arlington Road.
By Walgreens, the University in Arlington?
Yes.
Okay, we have a call.
Did you see anything, or did you just hear the gunshots?
We heard about five to seven gunshots.
But you didn't see anything, correct?
Yeah.
We were inside.
There was quite a number of people outside, though.
Right.
Well, we have officers on the way.
All right.
Okay, thank you.
Bye-bye.
Sheriff's off the plot.
You need to get a police officer up here, the Mirage nightclub on University Boulevard.
What's that, I guess?
It's been shooting and a whole bunch of people screaming and stuff right now.
Is it by the Walgreens at University in Arlington?
Yes, it is.
Right by the Walgreens.
Did you see anybody?
No, I ain't see anything.
I just heard of the call.
Okay.
Thank you.
You will.
Jackson.
I hear, I'm at my house and I heard gunshots.
Okay.
Where are you, sir?
And now there's people screaming and crying.
Can I have the address?
I'm going to say the corner of Atlantic and University, the Walgreens or across the street.
Atlantic and University?
It's right.
He's laid down right there.
There's a policeman out there?
All right, well, there's already police here.
I don't know if they're going to say.
send an ambulance but it's at the Walgreens on the corner of um university is that you're in the
public's no no no university and arlington arlington university in arlington yes yes there's a
walgreens um couple what is it dollar tree plush the club where plush is yeah there he said
There's a policeman out here already.
Okay, what's your last name?
Christopher Lemlin, L-E-M-E-L-I-N.
Okay, I'll get an officer out there.
I'll let them know.
All right, they might want to send an ambulance.
Okay, they're on their way.
Jacksonville 911, McFatter.
Police, please.
This is Jacksonville 911, ma'am.
How can I help you?
I'm calling to report gunshots.
Okay, did you see anybody get shot, ma'am?
No, but I hear people outside.
screaming now okay where at my address is a house apartment or a mobile home mine is a house okay how
many shots did you hear maybe five but you didn't see who shot the individual no I was almost
asleep I don't even know if anyone was shot I just know I hear people screaming out there now yeah no
we've gotten other calls that someone was shot so okay and what is your last name ma'am
Okay, ma'am, we have officers on the way. Thank you.
Thanks.
Bye-bye.
Shast office, Morrison.
This, ma'am, I'm like one block away from the corner of a university boulevard in Arlington Road.
Uh-huh.
And I heard like four or five shots, which I can tell the difference between firecrackers.
And then I stepped out and I hear a lot of people screaming and hollering on the corner.
Yeah, we're on our way to be shooting over there.
Oh, yeah.
How you located?
Ma'am?
Where are you located at?
I'm at the next street that goes right behind the University is called Easter Street.
Okay.
And I can hear it.
It's like two blocks away, but I know something bad's happening up there.
Yeah, well, I'm not waiting for a shooting, sir.
All right, thank you, ma'am.
No problem.
What's your last name?
Jackson, 911, man, order.
All right, there's a gun fight going over here down on University Boulevard.
Over the Walgreens?
Yeah.
Do you see the people involved?
No, but I'm peeking out the window and seeing black boys running down the street all over the place.
You see black eyes, you said?
You see black eyes running down the street?
You said you see black eyes running down Macy, away from University Boulevard where Macy, right there, Macy and University where Popeye's chicken is, they're running down Macy towards, I don't know what that next road is down there.
I can't think right now.
Okay.
And how many of them did you see run off?
Three.
Three of them.
Could you tell what they had on?
It's dark, huh, and I couldn't tell.
I could just tell the black guys they could tell by the outline of them.
I couldn't see their clothes.
Okay.
I'm one block off of the...
All right.
I'll let them know they ran down Macy Avenue, okay?
All right.
Somebody heading over there now?
Yeah, we've already got police and rescue on the way out there.
What's your last name?
I have them down on the other corner.
and two more people take off between the building down here, running down on the corner of Mar-Chack and Commerce,
running down towards, away from University.
Mar-Chack and Commerce?
Yeah, and there were a couple of them.
I could see two of them.
They had on light-colored clothes, like white T-shirts.
Were they going to hear of them?
I couldn't see their skin.
I could just see the white clothes, and then I could see the black boys over here on this corner,
but I couldn't see what they were wearing.
But they were scattering big time.
And they ran down bar check.
Yeah, and it sounded like two or three different guns going off.
I mean, from the sound of them.
It sounded like maybe a 22 and a great big gun and maybe one more.
And were they running towards Commerce from University?
Well, Commerce runs down across University.
I can't think of the name of that next street down here.
But they had come off of university, right?
The other two guys?
Right.
All of them came off the university,
and two of them took off down Macy
and two of them took off down commerce.
Okay, so they went down commerce towards Marcheck?
Yeah, well, actually three of them went down Macy
and two of them went down commerce.
Okay, all right.
I'm going to get the police out there
if you happen to see anybody else,
just give us a call back.
All right, thank you.
You're welcome.
Bye-bye.
Jackson 1-9-1-Ritchinson.
Jackson, 191-1-1.
Oh, boy, hang up.
Jackson, 911, McFadder.
Hello, it's a, um, it's been a shooting down the street at Club Minnoy's.
Okay, where at, sir?
What's the address?
Clubmaneis, on University Down the Street from Plus.
Okay, near Walgreens, sir?
Yes, huh?
Okay.
I heard five gunshots on my shotgun and then, um,
then there's people down there running and screaming.
Yes, sir.
Did you see anybody get shot?
No, man.
I just heard guns out of there letting y'all know.
Okay, yes, sir. We have officers out there in the area.
Oh, okay.
Okay, thank you.
Jackson, 1-9-1, Richardson.
Hello, there's been a shooting at the University in the Arlington Road.
Okay, did you see the person that was doing the shooting because we've already got officers on scene out there?
Okay, no, I just heard a couple tops, and such it's screaming, and then I came to the road, and all this chaos is going on.
Okay, we've already got officers out there, sir.
Okay, thank you.
Okay.
Jackson, 191, Richardson.
Um, y'all didn't come to Orange and Expressway Walgreens.
Man, we've already got officers.
You on the way.
Okay, because two people got shot, bye.
Ma'am, hello.
All right.
