Yeah. Phoenix, please. This is Hennie. How can I help you?
Hi. Can you hold for just a second? I just saw somebody run into the Compass Bank on Thomas and 234th Avenue with a mask on.
24th or 24th?
34th. We don't know who he's robbing it or not, but we're sitting across the street.
And if he comes out and jumps in his car and takes off like a bad out of the hell, I'll do his license plate and give it to you.
And it may be a false alarm. I don't know yet.
Okay, sir. I'm going to get somebody started on anyways.
What kind of vehicle do they come in?
Looks like a white, four-door, Zion, and Mitsubishi thing.
And you said 34th Avenue and Thomas?
Yeah, it's a compass bank.
Okay.
I don't see anything happening.
We could be wrong.
I don't know.
I just, you know, we just blew and saw him running it with a mask on.
We don't know what's going on.
So we jumped out of a white, what kind of vehicle?
It looks like a four-door, four-door, guy looks like a Mitsubi-Divis.
She got a late model, you know, like a 07-08, 2000, I mean, yeah.
Did you get a plate number?
No, it's either across the street, honey, and I'm open to burger shop.
Was it a male or female?
Did you tell?
They had a mascot.
Okay.
What were they wearing?
What are they wearing?
What were they wearing?
Great sweatshirt.
Great beanie.
Great beanie.
Look, you look, at the cars are leaving.
Was it that silver car?
That was the lady got in that one.
Okay, what was the person wearing a gray sweatshirt and what kind of mask?
Like a gray beanie mask?
So it was pulled over the face?
Like it's silver.
And the beanie was pulled over the face?
Sir.
Hang on a second.
Was it the beanie pulled over the face?
It's like a gray a bandana around his mouth.
It's over in his eyes.
in space.
So not a mask?
I don't know if it's a man.
There's a guy waiting in the car.
So there's another person in the white car?
Hello. How we doing?
There's another person waiting in the white car?
Yeah, there's a person waiting.
Yeah, oh yeah.
Oh, the police are pulling right behind him right now.
Okay, there is somebody in the other white car, correct?
Yeah, he's got a look like in there.
have a white hat on maybe white be white beanie hat but i've seen too concerned citizen okay what's
did you want to speak to the officers when they come out uh no i don't need to if you need to you
can call me so the officers are behind the correct car well he's there you go if he's running out
he's running out okay so the office in the back seat and the officer's watching okay
Okay.
He's what?
They're already in here.
I already called him.
God, he's got a turquoise beanie on in a black hat.
And they're shooting.
They're shooting.
They're shooting out.
Holy crap.
Oh.
That's a 45.
That's a big gun.
Okay.
So they're shooting now?
One guy down.
He's down.
I am an eyewitness to this whole study out of school, sweetie.
Okay.
I got the punch.
God, that's crazy.
There's nobody in the car.
There was nobody in the car.
I didn't look like a visor down.
Okay.
Wow.
So they got the right guy, right?
They got the right?
Well, yeah, the guy pulled the gun and started the officer.
Okay.
The guy pulled the gun in the officer.
Was there one person or two people?
Do you know if there was an officer?
No, I do not see a second person. The guy ran to the back of the car, put something in the back seat of the car, went to get in the car.
Okay, but I'm saying you did not see a second person when they went in?
I'm sorry, go ahead, I'm sorry, go ahead.
You did not see a second person when they went in?
I did not see a second person. No, it looked like a second person, but it's probably the visor.
