Saturday, May 26, 2,012.
Damn, I'm sorry for calling 911, but I didn't know what number to call.
On the exit of this game coming from the beach, there's a guy that's completely naked through his clothes all over the highway.
He's on the expressway, he's on the street.
He's on the expressway on top of one of the light, holding onto one of the light poles and doing like he was Tarzan.
And where is this at?
When you're coming from the beach and the MacArthur Causeway where the cruise ships are, it's the exit for the Miami Herald, that Biscayne Boulevard exit.
So it's heading east from the beach coming.
No, I'm sorry, hitting west.
Okay, let me get so on take, that's right.
I'm sorry for calling nine minutes.
No, well, hold on.
Saturday, May 26, 2000, 12, 13, 15, 4 and 38, 7.
I'm sorry, it's not an emergency.
I was just coming from the beach, from South Beach, on MacArthur Causeway, and on the exit, heading west, on the exit of Biscayne, there's a tall African-American man completely naked.
On one of the light poles acting like Tarzan, and all his office closes on the highway.
Two thousand, twelve, thirteen, fifty, five, and zero, seven.
Thank you, but sorry.
You've reached the Florida Highway Patrol, Miami Regional Communications.
Well, Charles, what do you have you?
Yes, good and good afternoon.
I was just coming off the beach on the MacArthur Causeway, the cruise ship's are.
And there's an African-American man when you're heading west.
There's an African-American man on the exit of this game, completely naked, acting like Tarzan on one of the lightbowls.
And all his clothes is on 395.
Okay, hold on.
I know you sit on 395 in Biscayne, correct?
Yeah, that's the one with the cruise ships, right?
Yeah, 395.
It's Westbound.
It's Westbound, right.
But Miami Herald will be...
Saturday, May 26, 2000, 12, 13, 54, and 52 seconds.
What?
Over the exit bridge.
Broughton Carstoy Bridge coming back to Miami.
You want to what bridge?
You over what bridge?
Over the bridge right off of this game.
Yeah, we got to hear you.
There's a guy standing literally and he's naked, naked to jaybird.
30, 50, 5 and 30 seconds.
Well, which bridge is this?
Oh, never mind.
My brother is taking care of.
Oh, all right, then.
Are you reporting it?
Saturday, May 26, 2000, 12, 14, 0, 4, and 25 seconds.
There's a naked man on the McIntyre's car's way at the end of the causeway coming forward.
This pane Boulevard.
He is beating another man to a pulp.
Like, on top of the man, bleeding him.
The man is bleeding the...
Somebody's beating on him.
I'm a bus driver. I passed by and I saw what was happening.
I'm not talking to come out of this by you. Okay.
Okay. So it's on a...
Okay, this is he's been beaten, you said?
Saturday. He's being another man. It's a making another man. I'm leaving another
man. I'm hitting him.
And zero seconds. Yeah, on him across the causeway, like towards the Miami
is at the end of the causeway. But he's going to kill that man. I promise you.
Okay. Okay.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Saturday, May 27th Street and North East Street and North Bayshore Drive on the sidewalk, you know, the causeway, McArthur.
Is that bike lane sort of thing?
Mm-hmm.
Yes?
There's two bums who are going at it with each other, taking up the whole lane.
I think they're fighting or something.
1408 and 30 seconds.
13th Street and North Bayshore Drive?
Yeah, just up the causeway in the pedestrian area.
Okay, can I get a call that number, sir?
Well, I'm going to leave the area.
Oh, okay. You don't want to leave your name?
Do you want to call that number?
Yeah, you can give a number.
You can get it connected.
I'm leaving because I'm not sure what's going on there, but...
You said it was three of them?
I think two.
Two?
Were they black or white?
Um, I think.
Black or Hispanic?
Darker skin color.
Or maybe just very tanned.
14.
And what's to say they were doing?
Fighting with each other?
They almost knocked over an old lady who was biting by.
You say they were in the street?
In the bike path or pedestrian walkway.
It crosses the McArthur Causeway.
Clearly visible from northeast 13th Street and North Bay Shore Drive.
Saturday, May.
26, 2,000, 12, 14, 10, and zero.
I don't believe they did.
Okay, sir, thank you.
I don't believe they did.
Okay, sir, thank you.
