Brizori County 911.
Hello ma'am.
I don't know if you don't have to send one out like it's an emergency right now.
My name is Jarius Jackson.
I'm calling on behalf of my mother.
She's on the phone right now.
I'm in Canada.
I'm in another country, Canada.
She's at my home in Texas at 27-11 Driftwood Drive.
and she was a witness of a kidnapping tonight.
Who was kidnapped?
And she scared to death right now.
Who was kidnapped?
A woman she works with named Susan.
Suzanne.
Her name is Suzanne.
I don't know what that is name.
She don't know her last name or anything too much about her.
They just worked together, and today they happen to just start talking.
And the woman seemed very, very nervous all day.
And as they were walking to their cars, probably not too long ago, what, like 30, 40 minutes ago,
It closed at 9 o'clock, so about 916.
About 916 or whatnot.
They were walking to their cars.
Where did this kidnap in a car at?
Where was this at?
You know where Catherine's here, Bed Bath and Beyond in Paralland?
Right there, 518, right near Bed Bath and Beyond in Chase Bank.
Walmart.
Right there, Walmart.
Okay, where do you all work at?
Catherine.
Catherine.
Okay, can you give me some directions over there to your house, man?
Or sir, whichever.
Uh, Joe, give a direction.
Yeah, I'll give you the direction.
If you're coming, what would they be coming from?
Start at 288.
Okay, if they're coming off 288, they can get off of that exit, South Fork Road, South Fork exit,
going into, what's the name at Longstreet, Mama?
It's by the Fort place.
Yeah, you'll come in, like, from 288, you'll come in from...
What subdivision are y'all in?
Silver Creek.
Yeah, Silver Creek.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
You turn right at that first stop sign.
I can't remember the cross-year.
I apologize.
But you turn right at the first stop sign, right there by, you'll see the subdivision when
you come in behind the car car dealership.
You make that right, you come all the way down to the second entrance, which is, which
is Coral Drive, C-O-R-A-L.
You make a left-on-to-C-O-O-O-L, and then you make that, you come to a
The next stop sign, I think, is Tumbling Falls, I think it is.
You make a right, you'll come to another stop sign.
Hold on, go to the next stop sign.
So I go to the next stop sign, make a right.
Yep, and then when you get to the next stop sign, you make another right.
And halfway down, you'll still street, I want to say skyline, that may be wrong.
But it's the only street you can make a left zone.
Because it's the only street in that side.
If you make a left, go to the stop sign.
another stop sign and then you make a right and that would be skyline drive you make a right
and skyline it goes straight for a while then it veers to the left and after it veers to the left
that turns into driftwood and we're right there on 2711 driftwood's the second house on the left
I mean my mom just scared of death because these people were part next to I mean my mom was part
but she knows this woman as far as she knows at least her name was Susan right yeah but see we
What happened was, when my mom was getting ready to pull off, the guy that got in the car with the girl in the back seat with a mask, gloves, and a gun.
He had her to roll down the window, asked my mom, did she have a cell phone, the girl, asked my mom she had a cell phone.
Mom said she doesn't have a cell phone number and drove off.
So I don't know, Mom, did you see the girl then turn to him and say she didn't have a cell phone or something?
She wanted to go back some clothes on.
Oh, she wanted to go put some clothes on.
So, yeah, so I think he was trying to, you know, get information as if she didn't.
was a witness or something right so now my mom was terrified as well I'm telling
she can't even go back to work up there right now right is that place still
open this light do you know no they closed tonight they were closing they closed
together okay and they were walking to their cars and I know right now like I
work in Canada so I'm gone for like six months out of the year but you know just
talking to friends all the time and by living in myself I know how bad the like
Mexican gang cartel thing is right now, them kidnapping people and all this kind of craziness
that's going on.
And, you know, the girl was talking about how, I guess, her husband got killed so many months
ago and how these guys, the brothers of her husband, her deceased husband, were going
to her church asking her pastor about, you know, were her and her husband divorced, where
they separated, like drilling the pastor on all these different questions.
And, you know, she was telling my mom about all this today.
And she just seemed nervous all day to day.
And she was asking my mom about what's...
What kind of stores, Catherine?
It's a women's clothing store, if I'm not mistaken.
Okay.
Like, she was going to wait until tomorrow and call up there
because the drill's supposed to open the store, I think, at 10.
She was going to call up there tomorrow, but, I mean, she's just so nervous.
Something like this, you need to call the police right now.
And you said that he had a mask on?
me? Yeah, yeah, she said he had a mask, gloves, and like a, she saw a silver gun.
And he told her, get in the car. He said, I think she said, he said, open up the car, bitch, or something.
And that's what kind of even got, because at first she didn't know if the guy was just playing or what,
but then she saw the mat. And when she turned, that's when she saw the mask and the gloves and the gun.
And that's when he told her, get in the car, bitch. And that's when she opened up her.
She was like, okay, okay, okay. And she opened the car door and got me.
the car and then before my mom could even get her key was she got her key in her car and was
getting ready to try to drive off and the girl rolled down her window and that's when she asked
my mom that question my mom just quickly answered and drove off okay well tell is your mom's on
ma'am are you still on the phone no she's what's your mom's name her name is karen karen jackson
yes okay if you could just let her know that we have an officer around over there to your house
We're not talking about it.
Okay.
All right, thank you.
Hello?
They, she's got an officer in the route to come to the house now.
