How are you going?
I robbed somebody downtown Portland at 9th Point.
And I was just like to let you guys know that I did that.
And I'm not to commit suicide.
I'm standing on a 10-story high building.
Okay, where are?
I don't want to release that information.
I just like to let you guys know that there's me...
You're not going to tell me where you are and why are you calling me?
Because I'd like to let you guys know that I committed a robber.
and I was going to clean my body up here soon.
Okay, what's your name?
Brad Morgan.
Is there anybody we should call and let him know?
I'd like you to contact Karina Bartley, but, you know, it's up to you guys.
Okay, do you have a phone number for this person?
Um, she ain't going to answer the phone, but I've been trying to contact her.
Hey, who's this person to you?
Well, she's my ex-girlfriend.
Okay, how long ago did she become your ex-girlfriend?
Girlfriend?
About three weeks ago.
Okay.
And you're going to jump off the building because of that or because of some other reason?
I've gotten myself into a lot of trouble lately and my girlfriend took my son from me and denied my visiting time.
I tried to go into the courts and work some things out.
My life is just shitty anyway, so I feel that I no longer need to live.
Okay.
Okay.
And that's your final decision?
There's no way I can talk you out of that?
No.
I just would like to let you guys know that, you know, just for a heads up, what's going on.
Okay, tell me her name again.
I didn't write it down quickly enough.
Karina Bartley.
What is your phone number?
Um, hold on one second.
It's 503, 839, um, 93, 3.
839-3689.
839-3689.
This is the ex-girlfriend who's the mother of your child.
Yeah.
How old is your child?
He's eight months old.
It seems too bad that you're not going to get to see him and talk to him when he's older, don't you think?
After I'd be in jail, if I would have passed him anyway, so...
Don't you think you'd still prefer you were alive?
So he has a dad?
Um, you probably would, but, you know, I'm thinking past that right now, I guess, you know.
Okay, how'd you get up to the building there? Did you walk or did you drive?
Um, I don't have the vehicle, so I walk.
Okay.
And you're just on top of, like, somebody's business or a parking structure or what?
Um, I'm on top of a 10-story building.
Okay, right, like a parking structure or, like, somebody's business, or what kind of building are we talking about?
about?
It's a parking structure and I got a visual view of Pioneer Square.
Aren't you talk to me just a little bit longer before you do anything you can't take
back?
I know I can't take it back once I do it and, you know, I really am debating on doing it
or not, but my criminal background that we believe in my side of the story.
Okay, well you know what?
I'm going to give you a really great deal.
Are you ready for this?
What?
This is the one time only deal, and only from me.
I will believe everything you tell me on this phone call, everything.
Yeah, my word.
Oh.
Okay, so talk to somebody who is prepared to believe you.
Tell me your side.
Um, the reason why my girlfriend broke up with me is because we got into a little argument.
She told the police officer that I hung up the phone while she was trying to make a police report,
and that's why I got arrested.
I sat in jail before days, and got a restraining order for all I was in there.
Wait, was that a long time ago?
No, just recently.
Okay.
And the cops didn't believe me because of my record.
Okay.
And that's why I wanted to jail.
Well, if that's what she said, you tell me what really happened.
I was trying to leave with my son. She took my son from me, so I took him back and pushed her
left in the door because she was just trying to hold me in our apartment. Not, like, shoved her,
but, like, put my hand on the doorknob and, like, elbowed her away a little bit. And then I started
proceeding down to the max to get on the max to go see my parents. And she flied down the sheriff.
I was driving by just so happens, and she gave him her side of the story, and I gave him mine.
And the only reason he arrested me is because I hung up the phone on the police call.
I understand that was a bad thing at the time, but it got me arrested and made it to where I couldn't see my son either longer than I was posting, you know, and then after that, my girlfriend says, you can call and talk to your son.
and then when I call, I talk to my son, she calls the police and says I'm contacting her,
and now they want to arrest me for that.
Okay, was there like a no-contact order or something?
Yes.
Okay.
And on top of that, I was supposed to get...
And then she called the police when you did.
Yeah?
Yes.
Okay.
And then, um, basically, I don't know.
I just, I feel like I no longer need to live, but she's just putting me down everywhere.
which way she can.
Okay, well...
I have nobody besides her.
Well, hang on just a second.
So the initial call into no contact order, did that come from the judge after this hang-up
the phone incident?
It came from the judge, yes, after the...
Because that's a temporary thing for now.
I mean, that's not an irrevocable, you're never going to see your son again thing.
You just have to work through the system and write it out for a little while.
That's the problem.
I've been going to the system my whole life, and I'm tired of me.
Most of the time I'm living in my fault.
And I just doing some bad things in my life,
and I feel that this is the consequence for it.
Well, doing bad things.
I mean, everybody does bad things,
but what you need to do is grow, become better because of it.
I'll just end your life.
That's kind of cheating, don't you think?
I mean, you have to, you get to.
to suffer the consequences of what you did. I mean, you know that. You're telling me that yourself.
But then you learn and you become a better man for it.
You know, I appreciate the sweet talk. I really do. You know, I feel good to actually
be able to talk when they find me.
Yeah. Well, I'm not blowing smoke. I really believe that. Really.
Everybody gets to suffer the consequences of what they do, but you get to be better.
You get to choose to be better and do better.
That's a problem.
When I try to choose it to be better and do better, it just cracks her back down on you.
Well, you said you don't have anybody but her, or have you tried to get help?
I mean, I assume there's some other thing.
You said you've been working with the system for a long time, so I'm guessing.
Well, like I said, I've had a criminal background.
Right.
I don't know with the wrong trial.
I mean, it's wrong thing that they shouldn't have done.
Okay, well, you admit that you took responsibility for making bad choices,
This is excellent, but you don't have to stay there forever.
You're not stuck there forever.
You get to choose to be different.
You're not what I'm doing right now.
I'm choosing there and finish it.
Everybody dies.
That doesn't make you different.
You want to be a better man, not a dead man.
Your son needs you to be a better man.
Well, the fact, the reason why I'm really mad is she's posting on Facebook
and making it visible for me to see that she's basically with another guy.
I feel the whole reason that she even did this whole ordeal is to get the domestic violence
for it.
And now on top of that, I took here with my son the whole first eight months last year.
And she's claiming him on the taxes.
So I don't, you know, I don't mean she's going to move into our own place.
Yeah, it sounds like you're not exactly getting a fair deal there, I would agree.
but just removing yourself from the equation that doesn't hurt her you know i mean i'm not recommending
you stay alive so you can make her pain that's not what i mean at all i mean is you're punishing
yourself for crap she's doing don't do that well i feel that i was part of it i'm not i'm not
blaming it all on earth of course you have done your share everybody everybody agrees it sounds like
you've done your share, but you don't have to stay there.
You don't have to keep making choices that put you in that same situation.
Yeah, but even on top, like, there's the little thing that I've done.
She even got my cousin against me, and she has the cops, you know, on her side no matter what the fuck I do or say.
You know, I mean, I've been fighting the courts and police my whole life, and I'm tired of it.
Like, honestly, I feel like shooting one of them right now.
Okay, well, don't do that.
First of all, Brad, the police are in the area looking for you because they want to talk to you too.
They don't want you to be dead on the pavement.
This is the second time I've attempted to commit suicide, and honestly, I think this is going to do the final time.
Okay, well, please don't.
The police are asking if you'll tell me what you're wearing so they can find you and help you.
I'm wearing a red backpack and a hoodie.
What color are you?
black with red on the park.
Do you have any guns on you since you mention shooting?
Uh, shooting.
Possibly.
I'm just telling them what you said.
I'd actually prefer for a police officer to shoot me at this point.
I'm not looking forward to these things.
But...
I vote pretty good because that's what they do for a living, you know?
No, it isn't what they do.
Oh, sure.
Have you ever watched cops and seen what they do?
Yes, I have.
Have you ever been in the, in my feet steps,
That's where you're being beat by a nightstick and mace and down in the back of the park.
They're bruised.
They do not want to shoot you.
They don't want to kill you.
They don't want to take your lives.
I want to take one of their lives.
I honestly do.
And I think cops and circling around this building like
he doesn't know what, how to get in or something.
I walked up the stairs.
One more.
It's how it's the max.
For at least the easy cleanup.
It makes you something.
Yeah.
A little bit.
I feel like I know you just a little bit.
I'm a good person, you know, I can try to be in it.
I try to be.
Well, my girlfriend, she puts me in the way.
She's telling me how happy she is with her other guy or whatever.
And it's not, it doesn't feel good.
You said that she's posting on Facebook, but she's blocking.
How did you know?
I have her other friend and I'm on their Facebook.
What works?
Does that mean you can see her close to another person?
Oh, I got you.
Okay.
And on top of that, she deleted me and then wrote on there, I'm done with you, reading
me alone.
It's like, what do you mean you're done with me?
We've got the kid and another.
You're talking about.
We're principally fired until she had a kid.
You know, it was a plan trying to see anything.
And now, like, two and a half years, maybe three years.
years. My kid's only eight-month-old. He was 21. I had a kid because she had heart problems
and she wanted to be around for it. And it makes me feel like shit because I feel like it's my
fault for the great night. And then the next post was, I want my pants back. It's like, dude,
come on, you fucking ho. You have a kid and all you want to sex now from other people? It's not
fucking right at all. I can't stand the fact that there's going to be another person
as my son spotter figure.
I mean, if we needed to, could we, could we help them down?
No. She lives in Gresham. I was just on their roof spying on them.
I was trying to see my son, the dog kept barking so I believe.
It's like, can you even go down to the courthouse and get her?
He's standing with her.
Yeah, this is my second time.
The first time, she was fine. She was happy with me and she says, oh, I'll see you later.
And the next thing I know is the sheriff at my door serving her through streaming order.
I find out that she gets $1,200.
And then on top of that, like, I'm trying to make up with her because I love her,
and I just want to be with her and be a family.
And then she comes back with you.
And I have an apartment with my roommate.
And I was basically kicked out of her.
And she stayed there for maybe another week and then moved out.
That's my roommate's high and dry.
And then I worked things out with her and I was trying to make it back right with my roommates and we'd go back over there.
And that's the next thing I know, she's pulling it all over again.
And I honestly don't feel that, that...
Is she older than you?
No, she's younger.
...in you around, but then you already know that.
She's playing with me and she's having fun and I'm not going to let her do it anymore.
Well, I would say this is not the way to make it stop.
Nah, the police officers found me finally.
Okay, would you do me a big use favor, please, please, please,
don't do anything rash, don't make him hurt you.
Put your hands up and go talk to him and let them help you, let them get you to a counselor or whatever.
Alright, I'm cool with that.
Okay, please.
No, I'm not leading to these officers.
I'm definitely not going to leave the police officers.
I'm done going to that jailhouse.
I'm done being triggered like a rag doll.
Tonight, tonight, this is what you're done with me is not a crime.
These cops are not going to be able to reach me because I was like a monkey and got to where I'm at.
And they're, yeah, not going to get to me.
Okay, well, really, in this instance, they want to say,
thing for you I want. They want to see you jump. They get a kick out of it. I don't know.
No, they would. Nobody wants to see you jump. Have you ever seen a jumper? I have. It's for it.
It's awful. I've never, I've never seen one. I imagine this in me a quick, painful death.
You know, and this is how bad as a person I am. I seen a guy come off of an ATM, and I walked up to him with my knife, and said, give me the money, and he handed it to me.
And the police officer drove past like two seconds afterward.
He could have stopped it, but he didn't notice.
And the guy didn't shout out for help luckily.
And the first homeless person I seen I gave all the money to.
So you didn't even keep the money?
No, I gave the way.
Can I ask why you took the money if you were going to keep it?
I was walking to them up to the top of this building and see the homeless guys.
just laying there on the road.
And I, it's a tough one, you know.
He'll probably get him out.
Okay.
And so then when you saw the opportunity,
you took the money and led back to him?
Yeah.
I'm sorry for it, but, you know,
I don't know whatever it came to me,
but I felt really right.
And that's the problem with you.
I feel things are right, and I do it.
and most time the mistakes.
Well, it sounds to me like you need to talk to a counselor
to help you sort out good choices from bad perhaps, you know?
I've tried talking to people.
I've tried getting help.
I wanted to train you to go and sit down with the media or whatever
trying to make things work.
You know, I was going to sign up for anger management classes or whatever it took.
Yeah.
But when she found out that I was trying to make an effort,
she just made it more of an effort to keep my son from me.
and to stay farther away
well here's something else for you
you consider if you go ahead and do the
things like go to anger management
with or without her
and you can show a judge
that you are making these efforts
because you want to be the father
of the boy
I already know that I've already done
fucked up just like coming up here and calling you
I'm not going to be able to see my son after this
we really think they're going to let somebody
someone say we'll see
maybe not right this minute no but what i'm saying is you can still get help and straighten yourself out
and then it'll be obvious from the things that you've done to a judge who's going to make the decision
that you're making an effort to straighten yourself out i've already tried that i've already tried that
they don't believe me it's my record i'm telling me but the tree of word over mine no matter what
That's probably part of it, but what I'm saying, you've got to make an effort over time and watch, you know, so up to now you've made bad choices and that's what they're looking at.
From now forward, you make good choices so they can look at that.
You know, honestly, I really do appreciate your high talking.
It's kind of making me feel better, but honestly, I've already fucked up by coming up here and doing what I've done.
I've already fucked up.
Okay.
Don't make it worse.
yourself?
I'm not going to hurt myself.
I'm going to provoke the police to do it or I'm going to jump off after that doesn't work.
Where's the knife you used earlier?
In my pocket.
Ah.
If they shoot me, I'm not far enough on the edge to fall.
I'd appreciate if you just go give up to the police.
I know you would.
I would almost appreciate it too, but the thing is I know where they're going to take me and know what they're going to do to me.
and it's not going to make my girlfriend love me.
Well, it sounds to me she's this busy messing with you
that maybe she's not very nice and you're better off without her,
but, you know, that's not my decision.
That's your decision.
I probably am better off without her.
That's what my dad says.
Well, I love her.
Well, anyway, because she is the mother of your child.
We wanted to be the same way.
We agreed to each other that we were going to,
no matter what, stick together.
is, you know, one of the fucking argument that she just fails out.
You know, like, come on, you know, the fact of me, knowing that my girlfriend's
sleeping with somebody else, it makes me to kill the other person.
Yeah.
And then if I'm here by that girl, then I'm just going to kill myself and not let off the deal with it,
don't want.
Well, but those aren't your only option.
You're talking like that, so your only option that somebody has to die.
The police are trying to talk to me.
I'll let you go.
Okay.
