Thursday, October 6th, June, 2005, 20, 150 and 53 seconds.
Hello, yeah.
Hello, hello, I'm, um, he's going down Central Parkway with my baby.
Okay, where are you at?
I'm going, I'm getting on Central Parkway now.
Okay, who's going down Central Parkway with your baby?
Yes, who is?
My husband, he's got a mental problem.
He don't even live with me no more.
He's waiting on waiting to tell you got home.
tonight. He's on drugs. He waited until I got home the night when I saw him bringing in the grocery
and he came and snatched my baby.
Okay, this is what you're going to have to do. You're going to have to pull over if you want
police to come get you. I can't hear you.
You're going to have to pull over if you want to speak with police.
They're not going to go on a high-speed case when that's your husband if he has the right
to have his child. I'm never and explain to them why he's not capable.
Ma'am, he does not have the right to have my child. He's on drugs.
But he's your husband. So you have to be on drugs, though.
That's not right.
I have the custody of my kids.
I am the legal custody of gardens.
You don't listen to me.
I have to pull over the police to come out.
They're not going to do a high fee case with it.
She said there's you got to pull over.
They're not going to do a high fee change for a little while he's carrying a baby.
I ain't going to know where he is.
I ain't going to know what.
Yes.
Okay.
She says she's turning around.
Okay.
What's your name?
My name is Lynette.
I didn't have been told them he had a mental problem, though.
Okay, so where are you, have you already called police?
Have I did what?
Have you already called police?
I called 9-1-1.
Okay, officers are on scene.
I can't hear you.
Officers can not hear you.
Officers are on scene on McMickin waiting for you.
They on McMinn waiting.
I'm on rate.
He hits Central Parkway with the baby.
Right, that's what I'm saying.
if you're moving, we can't send police out.
I can't hear you.
If you are moving, we cannot send police out.
But I don't even know where he yet, though.
Madam, if they need to make a charge against temperate
He's evidence to Robert Images Service.
Okay, we can't.
He got my baby.
Listen to me.
We already have an officer at your house.
I can't hear you.
It's too much traffic.
Okay, can you roll up the window or something?
Okay, what you're saying?
Okay, we already have an officer on next thing that's waiting for you.
20 seconds.
Just looking for you.
Okay.
We can't keep sending officers all over Cincinnati as you keep moving.
We have to get you to a stationary place so we can send an officer to you.
Okay.
So let me know where you want me to send police or if you want to go back to McMinn.
I'm going to back to McMinn now.
I'm not going to know where he's at.
So I'm not going to be able to tell the police where he's at.
I can only tell you where he was at at the time.
That's all we need because if they need to press charges against him, they'll find him.
They'll put a warrant out for him and they'll find him.
Yeah, but that's my baby.
She ain't.
I understand.
Where if you don't see on drugs, though?
Listen, I understand that you're upset.
But this is not something that we can go on a high-speed chase where they're not going to chase them to you stop the cross the police vote.
Okay, so that's just how I'm out.
Get over here now.
Okay, do you want to make them?
Yeah.
Okay, go ahead and talk to them.
Okay, thanks.
You're welcome.
