My name is Rhonda Fitzgerald, and I'm a public safety dispatch supervisor for the Golden Gate Communications Center of the California Highway Patrol.
I declare, under penalty of perjury, that the following recording is a true copy of the original tape on file with the California Highway Patrol for the date of July 6, 2013.
This recording was made on July 9, 2013.
The recording begins at 1129 hours and ends at 1.156 hours.
No, an emergency, what are you reporting?
Hi, I'm reporting an airplane crash at SFO.
An airplane crash at SFO?
Yeah, we were hiking on a trail outside of Pacifica,
and we just heard a giant explosion,
and we're with a couple other hikers,
and they saw that an airplane had crashed right there at SFO.
Actually, at the airport?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
What's your name?
My name is Jared Foster.
All right, Jared, hang on the line.
and I'll transfer me over to the police department at SFO, okay?
Okay, thank you.
911 emergency, what are you reporting?
Hi, C.H.
There was an airplane crash at SFO.
Okay, we did get the call.
Okay, you did?
Yes, we did.
We still see any sirens or anything.
We are responding.
Trust me.
Thank you, sir.
Bye-bye.
Now on the original reporting.
Hi, we just, we're at the San Francisco airport and our airplane just crashed upon landing.
And I think we need some here.
I'm not here as soon as possible.
Okay, what runway yet?
What's that?
Are you in a specific runway?
I don't know the runway.
Italy just ran out of the airplane.
What kind of airplane were you in?
Aegean airline.
Asian?
Asiana.
Okay.
There's a bunch of fire trucks and a couple of ambulances.
There's one or two, but there's a lot of people hurting on the ground,
and we probably need people.
My name is Sang Duong.
Okay, and you don't know what runway you're in?
I do not know the runway we're on. I see FFP, but I'm looking around trying to see something, but I don't really see anything else.
Okay, where are you at on the runway?
In the field.
You're in a field?
Yeah, we're in the middle of the runway. I can see the main station, but I really don't know much more.
Sorry, I'm not familiar with this airport.
Okay.
All right, down the line up here. Let me get you over there. Don't disconnect.
Yeah, I see tons of cops and ambulances coming now, but, uh...
Hold on.
Hold on.
...with the transfer of a crash landing at the airport.
I got one of the passengers on the line.
Go ahead.
Sir?
Hi, uh, yeah, we just, uh, handed on the airline and, uh, it looks like the sun's up coming, but not too many ambulances.
Yes, no, we do have the ambulances in the fire department on the way. Um, okay.
Can you tell me, are there people that are trapped on the plane? I know some people have gotten off already.
I got, I think the majority of people got off. I tried to stay back, but I think there are at least a handful people behind me before everyone was telling us to get out.
So, maybe...
Are you guys actually trapped or it's just that people haven't gone down?
No, no. Most people are going down to slide, and I think there's some people going into the plane now.
Why are the people going back into the plane?
The emergency crews.
Oh, I'm misunderstood. Okay. But the passengers are all slowly getting off the slide?
I think the majority, maybe 99%. I don't know if anyone's still in there, but the majority of people are out of the airplane.
Okay. And again, I'm sorry. I don't know. I just want to make sure that I understand.
It's not that they're trapped.
haven't gotten off.
They're not trapped, exactly.
I think almost everyone is out.
I don't think anyone is true.
Unless someone got hurt in there and they're trying to get them out or something like that.
Okay.
Do you know about how many passengers are still on board?
When I was leaving, there's only a handful.
So I'm assuming that almost everyone got out.
I see all the stewardesses and the crew members are sliding down now.
Okay.
What kind of a plane is that?
I know that they're already there, but...
Asianic plane.
Let me just pull out my boarding test.
It's okay if you don't have that.
I mean, are you a big place where you are, first of all?
Yeah, we're out.
We're way past the field.
Like, everyone's at least 100 yards out.
I see an area that says Monitor 120.5.
What are you looking at?
I see a sign that says Monitor 120.5.
Uh-huh.
And that's pretty much old.
I see, I could do FSP, but a couple of instruction trucks.
No, that's okay.
I was wondering what kind of an aircraft that was.
I don't know.
Now I'm running.
Hello, California Patrol.
Hi, we are at the San Francisco International Airport,
and we just got in a plane crash, and there are a lot of people that need help.
Yeah, and there should be.
Any way the ambulance can be set.
Are you with a lot of the ambulances that are there?
No, they are not.
We have people over here who weren't found and they're burned really badly.
Where are you at?
We're out on the outskirts.
We're not towards the airport itself, but we're more out on the field where people planes are landing.
And you're on the outskirts, okay, stay on the line.
Let me get you over to medical, okay?
Okay, we need.
Hold on.
They're going to need to where you are, though, because the outskirts doesn't out.
Try to find a direction of where you're at, okay?
Okay.
Okay.
Is she away?
Ambulance emergency number 112.
What's the location of the emergency?
We're at the San Francisco International Airport.
Okay.
Where is the airport?
Do you need help?
Yes.
We just thought in a plane crash,
and there are a bunch of people who still need help,
and there's not enough medics out here that need help.
There is a woman out here.
are on the street on the on the runway who is pretty much burned very severely on the head and we
don't know what to do okay we do have helped started that way um you said that they're there but
there's not enough people correct yes she is severely burned she will probably die soon if we don't
get any help getting additional ambulances to you confirm for me um the phone number that you're
calling from please um 831 oh what's the phone number 2 3 4681 okay she needs
Tell me up there.
Where on the runway are you?
We're next to the United Airplane near the beginning of the runway where all the plane
debris are where it first crashed.
Do you have the plane debris?
Yeah, where it first crashed.
How old is she?
I don't know.
I'm going to say about 25, 24.
She's severely burned and she really needs help and I don't even know what to do.
How do I, is there any way that we could assist her anyway?
I'm going to ask you some questions and see if I can give you some instructions, okay?
Okay.
911 emergency what are reporting a fire that I'm seeing from on the side of the
Berlin game okay a fire is it by what road are you on I'm on 101 north north
one-o-one and near what exit I'm right near Broadway Broadway all right let me get
the fire department on the line with us do you see it to the right or the left of
the freeway it's the right so now I'm coming up to Broadway Avenue
Milbury Avenue, it's up to the far right.
Right.
All right, let me get fire department on the line, and your name is?
Kristen.
Okay, Kristen, one moment.
Thank you.
Ambulance emergency.
Hi, C.HP here.
I have Kristen on the line reporting.
She sees a possible fire.
She's traveling north on 101 and near Broadway and Burling James.
Okay, ma'am, is it near the airport?
Yes, it is.
Okay, yes, we have a plane crash there.
Thank you.
Oh, okay.
Thank you very much.
Bye-bye.
Now, I want an emergency.
What are you reporting?
There's a minute a crash at Central Airport.
There are people injured on the tarnock, seriously.
There are no ambulances.
Ma'am, we have reports of it.
We're aware of the situation.
There are no ambulances here.
We've been on the ground 20 minutes before.
Critical injuries.
Hello?
Yes, I'm still here.
Okay.
Were you on the plane, ma'am?
Yes, I was on the plane.
We did on the ground, I don't know, 20 minutes or a half hour.
There are people laying on the tarmac with critical injuries, head injuries.
We're all the losing a woman here.
We're trying to keep her alive.
Okay, ma'am.
What is your name?
My name is Cindy Stone, S-T-O-N-E.
And we've been on the ground, and we've not seen one ambulance the whole time.
Okay.
Let's see.
What's the son of you're calling from this stone?
831-58-3021.
Okay.
No ambulance is on site since the plane crash.
Lots of fire engines in the distance.
Not one ambulance out here on the tarmac.
Okay, ma'am.
Okay, ma'am.
Let me transfer over to San Francisco Medical.
Okay, hold on.
Ambulance emergency.
Ambulance emergency.
Hi, she's a teacher with the transfer. She's part of the crash at the San Francisco airport.
Ms. Don't go ahead.
Hello? Hello.
