Pass than 911.
What is your emergency?
Uh, burglars breaking into a house next door?
What's the address there, sir?
7418.
Not my address, but next door, okay?
Yes, sir.
I've got a shotgun.
Do you want me to stop them?
Nope, don't do that.
There ain't no property worth shooting somebody over, okay?
Well, they're breaking in right now.
They're within their house?
Mm-hmm.
I'm watching them.
What colors the house they're breaking into?
It's kind of a red brick right next to a two.
two-story brick home my home.
All right.
What's the guys look like, white, black Hispanics?
They're black, two of them.
Two black males?
What are they wearing?
One's kind of a green shirt and white tennis shoes and blue jeans and both of them are in the house right now.
What's the other one wearing, sir?
I didn't get a look at the other one.
But hurry up, man.
Catch these guys, will you?
Because I ain't going to let them go.
I'm going to be honest with you.
I'm not going to let them go.
I'm not going to let them go.
with this. Now, if you're standing in front of my house, okay, looking at it from the street,
it'll be the left-hand house. You got that?
Yes, sir. Okay.
Stay on the phone with me until we get someone right over there, okay? Don't hang up.
I'm not hanging up, but I'm telling you right now, I don't like this kind of stuff, damn. This is
ridiculous. Yes, there it is. Broad daylight. I don't know if they're armed and not. I know
they got a crowbar because that's what they broke in the windows with. Which window do they go through?
The side, on the side where the gate is, I mean, you know, where the fence is, because nobody can see them.
That would be the right-hand side, looking from the front.
Man, this is scary.
I can't believe this that happened in this neighborhood.
What?
This is scary. I can't believe this would happen in this neighborhood.
Can you see anything at all?
No, I just see where they went in the house.
I can't see in the house.
I understand that, but you can see where they entered in?
Yes.
So they might slip out the same way, or can you see the front of the house?
I can't see the front.
I can't go out the front.
I'll bring him a shotgun with me, I swear God.
I am not going to let them get away with it.
I can't take it.
a chance on getting killed over this, okay?
I'm going to shoot. I'm going to shoot.
Stay inside the house and don't go out there, okay?
I know what you're feeling, but it's not worth shooting someone over this, okay?
I don't want to, but, I mean, if I go out there, you know, to see what the hell's going on?
I mean, what the question am I going to have?
No, I don't want you to go out there. I asked if you could see anything out there, if you could see.
I can see a little bit of the driveway, but see I can't see the front.
Can you see anything out in the front of the house that, like a vehicle they came in or anything?
No.
Let me know if you see anything at all.
from where you're at. Don't go outside, okay? Stay in the house. Mr. Horn is still there?
I'm here. I can't see the front of the house. I can't tell if they stole something
or getting away or not. That's all right. Well, over there, I would have sent, I hope not.
Okay. I mean, you know your neighbors? No, I really don't know these neighbors. I know the
neighbors on the other side really well. I can assure you if it's been their house, I'd already
done something. Mr. Horn? Yes. Why don't you listen to me carefully?
okay yes got officers coming out there i don't want you to go outside that house and i don't want you to
have that gun in your hand when those officers are poking around over there i understand that okay but i have
a right to protect myself too sir and you understand that and laws have been changed in this country
since september the first and you know it and i know it i have a right to protect myself
i'm right and a shotgun is a legal weapon it's not an illegal weapon no it's not i'm not saying
that i'm not wanting you to you know okay he's coming out the window right now i got to
I'm sorry, but he's coming out the window.
Don't.
Don't go out the door.
Mr. Horn.
I damn, they just stole something.
I'm going out for the window.
I ain't let them get away with this.
They stole something.
They got a bag of the house.
I'm going to.
Mr. Horne, do not go outside of the house.
This ain't right, buddy.
You're going to get yourself shot if you go outside of that house with the gun.
You want to make a vet?
Stay in the house.
They walk getting away.
That's all right.
Properties not worth killing someone over.
Okay.
God damn it.
Don't go out the house.
Don't be shooting nobody.
I know you're frustrated, but don't do it.
They got a bag of loot.
Okay.
How big is a bag?
They're carrying a bag.
They're walking out about a hand huff.
Yeah.
Which way are they going?
I can't, I'm going outside.
I'll find out.
I don't want you going outside, Mr. Horn.
Well, here it goes, buddy.
You hear the shotgun clicking and I'm going.
Don't go outside.
911.
Get the law over here quick.
I've, man.
Get one of the front yard.
with me, man. I have no choice. Get somebody over here quick, man. Did you shoot somebody, Mr. Horn?
Yes, I did. Where are you right now? I'm inside the house. You're inside 74-18.
Police are out here right now. I've got, I've got, Mr. Horn, put that gun down before you shoot an
officer of mine. I've got several officers out there without uniforms on. I am in the front yard right
now. Put that gun down. There's officers out there without uniforms on. Do not shoot anybody else.
Do you understand me? I understand. I understand. I've got police officers out there that do not
out of the front yard waving my hand right now.
You don't have a gun with you, do you?
No, no, no.
You see a uniformed officer?
Okay, lay down on the ground and don't do nothing else.
No.
Lay down on the ground, Mr. Horn.
Do what the officers tell you to do right now.
Where's the gun?
In a house.
Where?
In the chair.
Thank you.
