Officer, the Comments-16-9 Webiside Drive.
I was transporting big jump to North Hollywood Medical Center.
Hey, North Hollywood, Unicott, Berryringer, 5026, Lancashem Boulevard at New Wave Communications,
Incident 1464.
59, on 13, cancel the outside unit.
Heals that call.
16A-13, Roger.
19-19-89-89-39.
Cancel the call on Riverside Drive, 15-A-13, we're hand-down.
50 day 40th.
We have a possible 211 in progress
at the Bank of America.
Bank of America
Royal Canyon North of Kittrich.
We have HANETRIZE, we have HANETT FIRED.
39 shows responding code 3.
All units, officer needs help.
The Bank of America, Lower Kaineer North of Kittridge,
Officer needs help, Bank of America, Lower Canyon North of Kittridge.
39, we're responding code three.
2839 is responding code 3.
The officer needs help.
B of A.
All units, officer needs help.
Lower Canyon north of Kittridge.
Officer needs help lower canyon north of Kittridge
at the Bank of America, Lashat fired.
The unit respond from the north side to southbound.
We are on the south side.
90L5 in route.
All units responding,
respond northbound there on the south side.
We're a shot for north.
Shelfthead, all can he's help.
Units after needs half.
Shots by Lower Canyon North of Kittridge, Lower Canyon, North of Critchidge, at the Bank of America.
Units responding respond northbound.
Units are on the south side.
We can use the unit on the south side also, but everyone comes from north.
Units respond northbound.
Suspects are in the bank.
Do not approach the bank.
The suspect.
Are inside of the bank. It's a 12-11-in- Progress inside the Bank of America, Lower Canyon, north of Kittridge.
The specifics are inside of the bank.
8-3, I want one unit on the north side, I want a unit on the south side, and I want a unit on the back if possible.
15-839 is responding code 3 to Lower Canyon North of Kittridge.
1583 wants the unit on the north side, on the south side and on the rear.
W78, we're Code 6 on Kittred and District.
W702 is code 6, Lower Canyon and Kittridge.
Unit also code 6-5-5-5.
DeVore 2 424 is also code 6 Low Canyon North of Kittridge.
3 3.3, we want someone to position themselves safely to lock the front door.
We don't think the first-dex know we are here.
15940.
15940 is requesting a unit to safely position themselves in front of the unit.
the front door, suspects possibly do not know the Tdia is there.
L40, I don't know how to you.
All 40 is fine where you, stay there.
15L40 stay there.
15L40, your location?
No, 40 is at Hartswood and Oakenion.
A3, would you have L90, contact the bank?
That's V&A on low and see if they can get a call in.
15L90, come in.
The advisor, I think somebody just came out of the front door in the bank of America.
090, we're taking care of that all.
United Advisors, unknown person has exited the bank.
W73, we got the front of the bank covered.
15 W703 is in front of the bank.
L40, the advisor got two witnesses over here and say there's possibly two and three suspects in size,
possible AK-47s or one.
ski masks and dark clothing.
15 L40 advises there are two, correction witnesses at the location, advises two to three.
Suspects are the bank wearing ski masks and AK-47.
L40 be advised the PR call from Thursdays advised.
They observe six male blacks in the location.
L40B advised these witnesses say they had AK-47.
All units in route to the 2011 in progress at Lower Canyon north of Kittridge.
Witnesses, vices, suspects are armed with AK-47.
187-1-2-6-837-1-7-7-0-40
The witnesses say that they have not seen the suspect's exit location
Per 15-040 witnesses advise they have not seen the suspects exit the location
Can we get the air unit over here also
15 out 10 let's get to a jack frequency and do we have the suspect is good
Our units at the Tollivan Pregard of Lowell County, North of Kittridge, attack 5, which to attack 5 for a to 11 in progress.
L40, more shots are being fired from inside the bank.
15L40, more shots are being shared from the suspects at Lowell Canyon, North of Kittridge at the Bank of America.
Uh, Bidney, Alton, we've got out of many gun fire coming from somewhere from the bank location.
Also, we need somebody to block you.
Traffic at Victory. The traffic at Kittridge is too close to this bank. Block it at Victory.
15-0-10-Evise with more shots-based fire-puls to become an automatic weapon.
Heaviness, blocked traffic at Victory.
Northbound.
Houston at 85.
All-40, heavy unit block traffic at Dano and get DOT runners and block traffic at the main street.
15-0-40, Roger.
50L-20, heavy ambulance response to Victory and Laurel Canyon for standby.
50 now 40, Roger.
...more shots and fire.
20 what the ATA air support?
Air support has been notified.
20 seconds.
Our support has a 22nd ETA, more shots are being fired.
15L10 is I there to support the shots have been fired to maintain their altitude until you get you to what's going on.
Are you going to maintain your altitude, more shots are being fired from inside the bay.
Okay.
Okay, the location is local canine and kit frigid and suffolix are armed with AK-47.
15 L-L-10, I'm requesting SWAT.
Responding this location, requesting ETA for SWAT.
NL-89, advise, so six or less, two-male Hispanic suspects are lasting westbound through the area.
16-L-10, Roger, SWAT.
15L-10, that SWAT has been notified, and we also need a telephone number, cell phone number from him.
15 out 10th what has been notified.
Everybody stay down and rapid automatic fire.
They're pan in the area with fire.
Everybody, this will offer these help.
Just fired.
Only automatic weapons for fire.
Air Force.
15L40 is requesting help.
15L40, your location.
All units.
All units, I know I do not advise us large shot fired.
500 block of Lower Canyon.
Five body.
This is requesting help.
All units officers requesting help.
Lower Canyon, North of Kittridge at the Bank of America.
shots are being fired.
15-020 advice.
Your unit to get them altitude,
the suspect that has an automatic weapon.
Air unit, keep your altitude, shots are being fired.
Correction, solicitor, arms with automatic weapon.
1697,
question, 671, we've got Laurel Pan in at that one and blocked off.
171, Roger.
All units, also requested help at the bank.
The squad are being fired out.
The instructions are shooting AK-47.
Two-sered by the United States of America, stay down.
The SWOT is being notified, automatic flight, code 3.
SWAT is being notified, call 3. All officers stay down.
Shots are being fired from AK-47.
There is an officer down.
Officer down, let me hit!
Officer Della and coming from Florida!
Our unit, Officer needs help, Laura Canyon and Kidridge Officer down.
Officer NEOPLE, North Carolina, and Kidridge Officer Dale.
15, L-Tian, and Quitted, Swarton.
Code 3.
L10 slots being notified.
R is in route for the officer down.
All officers stay down.
50 out 10.
See if you can get slot here on an air unit.
L70 slots in route.
We need a location for a CP.
Section Out10, they need a location for CP.
50 Out10 standby.
We're now to get the CP in a safe place.
We've got automatic gunfire being fired.
Our unit standby on the CP location.
Automatic shots being fired to 15-010, will advise.
We need help out here, we got officers down.
Yes, you better get an attack alert here.
Any unit know how many officers are down?
We have one.
More than one.
More than one.
There's more than one officer down.
We need an attack alert.
Which is on 90, Roger.
Bill 40.
Got an attack alert going, I've been hit.
5.040 advice he has been in attack.
There's another officer being declared.
15 now 40 and one other officer have been hit we are declaring attack alert
RA is en route swat is being notified to airlift
That's what that we have to put in there behind black and white at the Hartford in
Royal Canyon at 2nd and Laurel Canyon
If we could get a supervisor to form a recovery unit and pick up this officer
They're requesting a supervisor to form a recovery unit to pick up the officer
15 now 40 and one other other officer is down
HOOC-0-40-1 is not serious as in the upper arm.
Hucon-N-Fordievite's one not serious is in the upper arm.
They need the other officer picked up.
What is the location of the officer?
Hues Family Market.
The officer is down at the Hughes Family Market,
requesting a supervisor to organize a unit to go in and get the officer.
Hugh's Family Market.
Hugh's family market.
There's no longer right now.
There's too much fire.
There's too much fire.
Now we have the officer down at the southwest corner of Kidridge and Lowell Canyon.
The officer is still being fired.
The officer is down.
Southwest corner Kid Ridge and Laurel Canyon.
This is your L-10.
What Tee to you or SWAT?
L-10, standby.
L-7.
Warrior, stay back, stay back.
They're responding code 3 and we need a CP location.
No, my, do they're requesting Flaught being airlift to be airlifted.
50LTia and that's Roger that's the only way to get him in time
Roger anyone with the CP location come in
We've got several civilians hit also
Good Year at Kittridge and Royal Canyon and even now it's too close to this operation at this time
They advise the CP is at Lowell Canyon and Kidridge at the Good Year and that's too close
and someone moving back and give us a location
And as we do we will
Victory location, Victory and Lowell Canyon
Lowell Canyon. Victory in Lowell Canyon is the CPL.
50 W80, it finds all the area units that are over the bank.
You're clear away off, the suspect's around, and they're shooting at everything.
Town or there are a area to get out to see.
Roger, what kind of rescue do you need for the officer?
15-L-Qaeda advise all officers.
Not to get any force to the bank.
Maintain your distance.
All officers maintain your distance.
The fire department.
is standing by west of Lowell Canyon. How are we going to get the officer out?
15 now...
Officer Guy, get to the building. Officer Guy, get the building behind you.
50 all 10 where I need some type of heavy-duty vehicles will do this because we are all pinned down by automatic gunfire.
15.010 advice. All the officers are pinned down by automatic gunfire.
We'll notify them you need some type of heavy-duty machinery to get the officer out.
Where's fire coming from?
15-010, do you need a D-100 to get the officer out?
Rescue B-100.
Repeat, good here you.
Okay, slot is bringing out a B-100 to get the officer.
Verify the officer is still down in front of the store.
Roger.
What's the B-100?
Is that the text?
It's something big that they can get to get them out.
Then bring it.
Your officers are there on there?
Roger, they're getting someone out, something out to get the officer now.
There's a fire truck.
Roger.
Suspects are fleeing
They're having body armor
They're wearing body armor
Attempting to flee
All officers, suspects are wearing body armor
Which direction are they're jumping a place?
What is the direction that suspects are going
And they have a tank coming in for the officer
I need an RU unit, please help
Infully a building in parking lot
Officer is requesting help in the building
and pouring parking lot
There's possibly also a motor officer down at Victory in Archwood.
Are you to check for an open night?
Rick here, get back.
Annis, I just requested help.
What is your location in the builder's parking lot?
Affiruant, affirmative, south of Hughes in the parking lot and in the building.
Multiple officers hit.
Multiple officers hit in the building south of, south of Hughes Market.
Multiple officers hit.
They're sending in a tank for the officers.
On the north side of the bank.
On the north side of the bank.
Oh, you know, this is a citywide tack alert.
We are now on tackle alert due to the unusual occurrence in North Hollywood Division.
A citywide tack alert at this time until further notice.
No problem.
No, I don't want to see that.
They're going to north. They're going through the front.
Out north.
The suspect are exiting through the north front.
They have...
Suspects are on the north side of the building.
It's walking around like nothing.
You've got AK-47, two of them, they're dressed in all-black, heavy-body armor.
The suspect are exiting the bank on the north side of the building, armed with AK-47, wearing heavy-body armor.
Bring all-black clothing.
Yes.
All right, these guys are firing at the officers.
The old officers are stand back.
These guys are firing at officers.
All officers.
If I heard of the air unit, the suspects are firing at all officers.
Stay down per the air unit.
The RA is being notified for the officers in the building at the bank and the officer down.
In the command mode, the suspects are behind the two white vehicles on the north side of the bank.
The suspect are behind the two white vehicles on the north side of the bank.
These guys are getting ready to get it. One suspect is in the white vehicle.
One suspect has entered a white vehicle.
The white vehicle that's on the west side of the bank.
One suspect is still firing at the officers to the rear location.
All officers stay down.
One suspect is still firing and officers in the rear of the bank.
One suspect has entered a white vehicle on the west side of the bank.
Shops are still being fired to the rear of the bank.
15th century 27 your location in your location.
15th century 7 your location.
Call fact is across your window of an elderly victim.
I'm not called for a window of elderly victim.
I'm not called.
15-7-27, you're unreadable.
Roll up your window.
We got COFAC.
All the frequency.
We got one suspect in a white car, part of the HADCF spot at the center of the bank.
Okay, if somebody's just in the bank, parking one.
So the directive and energy can't.
One suspect is attempting to ear, acted through the rear of the bank.
He's being a white vehicle.
Both suspects are on the north side of the bank.
The suspect are now on the north side of the bank.
It has got itself back to the gray vehicle to party northbound.
Arnard in Colfax, Flo 27 is my location.
I snarred in Caulfax. Citizen down, Air Lurley Woman.
Stop that vehicle, uh, units, uh, just north of Tigrit, stop that vehicle, uh...
That's north on low care. Stop that great vehicle.
Slow unit, switch attack six. Slow unit, twist attack six for your request.
No.
2ndon is requesting someone to stop the vehicle north of Kittredge.
It's a gray vehicle.
The ALT. Airship, talk with that vehicle.
Do not stop it.
They've got automatic weapons.
There's nothing new other than can stop them.
You understand your suspects in a gray vehicle.
Hold a frequency, please.
Hold the frequency.
Airship.
Talk to me.
Talk to me.
Are those suspects in that gray vehicle?
To any unit that is available to go to B&B and pick up some weapons.
They're requesting someone to go to BAD or pick up weapons.
L40 advice, do not attempt to stop the gray vehicle.
The suspect is armed with an AK-47.
The vehicle is wetting found on Van Owen.
Weapons.
They're going to put in there last is just one occupant.
The vehicle is eastbound Van Owen.
Location is C-P.
Where's the C-T?
Control.
On this slide, what's location is in?
Okay.
Swat, what's the location of the CP?
Verify is still Kitzrid in Lowell Canyon?
Victory in Little Canyon.
Swad, the last location was Victory in Low Canyon.
You're advised on the side of the bank for the CP.
Swat is en route.
To control, can we verify up the suspect departed in that gray vehicle?
Can anyone verify the suspect is in a gray vehicle?
The advising officer down the old canyon north of Archwood.
J.J.2.65.
Do you have any body available to go to B&B.
Guns?
Hang on.
Slot unit come in.
This is crash 41 who is fighting to be in B guns.
Inspector Nguyen keeps going.
15 Crash 41 is going to get guns.
Flot unit on Devish, on North Hollow, Woodhill.
Come in.
We have an officer down victory west of Lowell Canyon.
He needs help.
Code 3 he is passing out.
West of the 170 freeway at Victory, the officer needs help immediately.
Who do we have to go there?
If you got to bring in the foothills Van Nuys Division, let's give it any other.
We don't have enough officers.
They don't know this.
Roger.
10 more officers requesting a district unit from outside division code 3
They're requesting all officers their knowledge to respond to the cp
No 20-9 what's the cp location
cp is victory in loyal canyon
10.0.0.9 cut 30 seconds a 28 a 28
50 out 10, we are going to establish a command pose in the parking lot just south of the IHop,
what used to be the 40 goods store.
That will be our GP location and will be just south of Kit Ridge on the east side of the street.
And how the unit's inner through the alley.
688-37, and let the security get from the air.
6.837, repeat.
The hearing-he gets in the air.
Let me go up higher.
Suspectors retrieves additional weapons from the truck of his vehicle.
Picking crash 482, advise to CTPO because it's closed.
We need to take up more air unit, get more air.
The suspect is retrieving additional weapons from the vehicle and shots are being fired.
Driver.
We need a unit that's going to be east of Lowell Canyon on Van Olin.
We have civilian traffic crossing into this kill zone here.
There is civilian traffic eastbound, low canyon of Van Olin.
Left of Lowell Canyon on Van On. One east of Lowell Canyon on there is civilian traffic.
The suspect is walking on east of the bank. He's just daring people to come after him.
He's got additional weapons. The truck is open on his vehicle.
50 out 10 if somebody has a shot, take it. Suspects had.
One suspect is walking east of the bank. Fifteen L 10 advisors. Someone has a shot. Take it.
This guy is not going down. He's got heavy body armor.
Going for the edge.
The suspect has heavy body armor. The officers are fired.
Sorry, Adam, and he's not going down.
Is the other suspect still in the vehicle?
Point.
15 L10, what's the ETA of SWAT?
L-10, we've been given L-E-TAS fire.
You're not to get back from communications.
We're trying to get a metal lifted in here.
We've got heavy automatic weapons fire right now.
Okay, SWOTS on the line.
Mr. Cress, what B&B gun is not open?
We'll be searching for them in other locations.
No, Colleyway.
You know, Caw has an open line with SWAT.
They're coordinating their unit.
They have units responding from the van.
and from downtown the B-100 is en route.
15W80, we have a Cattle 7 helicopter almost right on top of that area.
Why in the town to get out of here?
15 now 10. We need someone here with some heavy guns.
We need slot code 3.
15 now 10, slot B.
What's on the line?
Watch is the right.
Officers are looking for gun stores now.
On your net, yes.
We have personnel at B&B open.
We're retrieving up several layout that field for the units.
One officer at a gun store getting several AR-15 for the unit.
Unnoon unit, by the suspecting at the area.
At the area, you can get a couple of eastbound on Archwood from behind the Hughes Market.
To get a clear shot at the suspect from that location.
I also advise you can get a clear shot of the suspect eastbound Archwood from behind the Hughes Market.
L40, these suspects have armor-piercing ammo.
Air 40, what type of ammunition?
They possibly have armor-piercing ammo.
The suspects possibly have armor-piercing ammunition.
Where's that suspect on the north side there?
All suspects are the north side of the BRODA next to the white car with an open truck.
50.10. If the units have a shot of the suspect, go for the legs, they don't have body armor
on their legs.
Guys, be advised, there's two suspects. There's only one firing. I can't see them.
A suspect. On the north side of the BMA, they don't have body armor on their leg, shoot
for the legs.
15.10, contact North Hollywood Station, how and bring extra reserve ammunition out to the scene
code three?
They're requesting extra reserve ammunition from North Hollywood Station Code 3. Which one?
Also, we need extra batteries for these radio communications.
15-010, we have CHP requesting.
Do you need the freeway shutdown?
Yeah, shut down the freeway.
They're requesting extra batteries for the officer's rovers.
Roger is at Long Canyon.
The other suspect is in the vehicle and has not come out.
He may be hit.
The other suspect is walking on the east side of the vehicle.
He's taking any one.
Everybody down shots of being fired.
One suspect is possibly injured inside the vehicle and one is outside the white vehicle to the rear of the bank.
These slides.
Get flood.
That's our location.
50 out 10, if we got an unit to the remedies of the flood, just get them out here.
50-090, device L-10, Dr. Dr. Prince is en route.
16L-120 advice units on the perimeter that with the officer is rescued.
The fire department has set up command of the fire station 89 and bringing in a helicopter, take them out.
Bring the officer when he's rescued the fire station 89.
They have units standing by.
The officer has been registered.
Steven, there are downs of Archwood and Long Canyon.
He appears to be unconscious.
He is down on the left side of the street.
Audience, the officer that's down at Lowell Canyon,
Archwood is unconscious.
Shots are being fired still.
The officer is down at Archwood and Lowell Canyon.
40 is about 30 yards north of Archwood ondemon Canyon.
30 yards north of Archwood on Lowell Canyon.
The officer is down unconscious.
The officer that officer is behind the tree now he's got cover.
The officer that's down has gotten covered behind the tree.
The RA is being notified.
We're trying to get someone in for him.
Air unit, does anybody have a clear shot of those guys?
Does anyone have a clear shot of the suspect?
The 40% is getting shot right back at.
They're trying and so the suspects are shooting right back at them.
This is the other one.
Advise all the vehicleity to play in close the position.
Just be advised.
There's 50.
There's an armed car coming in with an officer's at it.
Stand by, everybody's standby.
Everyone's standby.
Everyone's standby.
There's an armored car coming in full of police officers.
Suspect vehicle is moving.
Suspect vehicle is moving.
One location.
Driving to the rear of the bench.
You're looking to pick up the additional suspect.
The suspect is driving his vehicle moving to the rear of the bank to pick up the other suspect.
There is an armored vehicle full of officers and routes.
The suspect's vehicle is open.
Keep an eye on that vehicle.
The air unit.
The suspect vehicle is down the open.
If that vehicle moves and gets out of our planet, make sure the other unit follows no unit stop.
That's going to be a flat job.
Copy you.
Well, there is officers down.
We have an armored car.
Tell me where the officers are.
Send the armored car to Laurel Canyon, archwood, north of Archwood, 30 yards on Loyal Canyon.
September 152 getting the armored car in the Laurel Canyon and Archwood.
As a responding unit, go to CP.
Hamlin and Lowell Canyon at the Car Watch.
Hamlin and Loyal Canyon at the car wash is another CP.
The officer is at Laurel Canyon and Archwood, north of Archwood.
There is an armored vehicle in route to pick him up.
First, yeah we're going to go, have the end and we're going to reestablish the Cp further
way at Allens auto sound of Laurel Canyon in the parking lot.
Have you to respond there.
The new CP is moving northbound in the parking lot, suspect is behind the white vehicle
to cover.
The suspect is on the parking lot.
Suspect is behind the vehicle.
Clear where the officer down is.
Officer down is on Archwood and Laurel Canyon north of Archwood.
As he's trying to take shot at you guys.
A car to get the officer.
All officer is down.
The brown vehicle.
The white vehicle is moving northbound in the parking lot.
Brown vehicle is on the side of the side of the
parking lot.
One suspect is there.
North east corner of the parking lot.
The suspect is in a one area,
the corner of the parking lot.
The new CP is at Al-Ness on Lowell Canyon.
15-0-10, where the officer is down?
I've got floods.
15-0-10.
We have one 66,600 block of Laurel Canyon across from the Lowe Canyon.
Adele Taco, he's on the sidewalk, he's who's in consciousness. One suspect just exited the north side of the bank of the bank wearing a mask.
We're going eastbound in the parking, the black of the walk.
We've got one suspect driving the white vehicle eastbound from the north parking lot. We've got one suspect on foot. The suspect on foot is behind a long trailer
truck trailer rig.
The slot can advise you to SWAT, Roger, and moving at who speak?
SWOT is moving in. There's one suspect, eastbound from the north side of the parking lot in the vehicle.
The other one is on foot near the long trailer.
Flot is en route to 6,600 Lowell Canyon across from Dale Tackle for the off of the down.
They're moving eastbound. They're moving eastbound near Archwood.
The suspects are moving eastbound near Archwood.
Archwood between North Dodge.
All units use caution. You've got a suspect on foot.
On foot.
On foot. North east of the bank.
So confirmed the trust fired Moro Canyon.
15L10, count a secrecy for a minute.
15L10, only go ahead.
15L10 at this point the ballgame is with SWAT and the suspects.
If the suspects move, make sure the air unit,
the monitor is following until SWAT can take them down.
There's no officers that should try to make a stop or try to stop these suspects.
W60 to go over here now.
Go ahead with...
Stand by the suspect.
The right vehicle is on our toilet.
The suspect is in a wide vehicle on arch for it east of limp.
All units be advised.
15-010 advised no officers trying to get involved.
Let's why try to take the officer down.
If the suspect tries to leave the perimeter, the air unit will follow him.
Where's the suspect that's on foot?
Where's his location?
It's hard to get the officer down.
The suspect walking toward one street east of Lowell Canyon.
The suspect is walking toward one street east of Lowell Canyon.
from Archwood.
You have one officer now.
What is the last location of the other officer down?
Lowell Canyon.
F.40, advise all officers out here and right end to stay down.
There's all kinds of ricochets flying.
Stay down, all officers stay down.
Shots are still being fired.
All officers stay down, shots are still being fired.
Do we still have an officer down?
Are there any outstanding officers down that have swat or an RA?
On Arson, it's just...
You know regarding...
The officer behind me needs to be picked up.
Directly, I can change into this black vehicle parked in the number three lane.
Black vehicle number two line for the officer down at Arshwood.
We preet the cross.
On Long Canyon, just north of Oxnard.
North of Archwood.
Airship on Archwood.
Let me see.
By the vehicle, back.
Let me advise the suspect of the law.
White vehicle is at Lemp. He's out of the vehicle, he's shooting at civilians.
The suspect is out of the vehicle at LAMP shooting at civilians.
Is north or south or 6,600 of Royal Canyon?
9L89 is down.
Needs to know if the suspects approach northbound on Lowell Canyon.
Fawar, can you get someone into Archwood?
North of Archwood on Lowell Canyon, there's an officer down by a black vehicle and the suspects are in route to that location.
Sir, ma'am, suspect, you get back to here.
The second.
Are you, do we have anybody else around the bank?
The suspect is back in the light vehicle.
He is now moving slowly eastbound between Lemp and Beck.
Verify Lemp and back.
The subject is moving eastbound.
That's affirmative.
We need at least one unit to trail well in her rear, but we need at least one unit to trail.
The area unit of the suspect is moving eastbound between Lemp and back,
requesting a unit with some type of distance to trail behind the suspect.
What exactly is a suspect?
I need to know now.
15U11, eastbound Beck.
Eastbound Lemp at Beck.
Where are you?
No, what a customer?
The suspect is on Archwood.
He is now eastbound, slow, on just east of Beck.
The suspect is on Archwood,
Archwood east of Limp, going towards Beck.
15U11, what is your location?
15U11, I'm directly across from
B of A at 30.
15U11 is a cross on B of A at 350.
U11, are you hit?
U11 negative.
9-0-89.
9-0-89.
Come in.
U-11.
Somebody has a suspect location
for myself and I have to believe at 940
has the proper equipment.
Okay, tell you,
one of the first part of the country.
15U11, where exactly is the suspect?
I myself and Alporti have the proper equipment.
The air unit reporting suspects are firing at civilians.
U11 wants the location of the suspect.
He has the proper equipment.
The last location on the air unit was on archwood, eastbound between Beck and Lemp.
Okay, that's probably on archword between Radford and Heinz.
Between Radford and Heinz.
The suspect is down on archwood between Radford and Hein.
Step.
15 U11, we're going to inquire whether there is still a suspect at the bank or in front of the bank.
15U11 has weapons to take the suspect down.
Need to know if there's anyone in the bank so he can respond to Archwood and Radford to take the suspect down.
The suspect both left, she sat on Archwood.
They're no longer at the bank unless there's additional suspects in sight.
She's not safe.
039.
039.
Stop.
Stop behind the black vehicle.
Don't go any farther away.
Please.
Here's 11, Roger under two suspects on foot on Argewood.
There's a...
There's a...
It just took a citizen vehicle.
It looks like a brown truck.
It's still facing on Westbound and right on On Archwood.
The suspect took a citizen vehicle in the...
Westbound on Archwood.
Westbound, Irond, there's a sniper team on top of Hughes at 6657.
Loyal Canyon.
The suspect is now in a brown truck westbound.
Westbound Archwood.
They're fired, shots are being fired, shots are being fired.
Shots are being fired behind a way home.
Watch for crossfire, all units watch for crossfire.
On archwood between Rapid and Hein. Metro is engaging the suspect. All units stay back.
On Archwood between Radford and High's air unit advise all officers stay back.
Watch for Crossfire.
60.0.20. We need to be more additional unit.
Uh, correction.
150. Point is requesting units south of Lowell Canyon for civilian traffic.
Critical 14.
Why is the unit that are too close to a suspect? They need to back off.
Unit that is close to the suspect back off per cycle 14.
That unit is a metro unit, ma'am, and they're engaging the suspect. They're not able to back on.
No need of rescue.
Air unit advised the...
The unit close to the suspect is metro engaging.
Bring all the injured officers to shoot away in Lower Canyon.
We've got a CP set up for all injured officers in Iraq helicopter.
Bring all the injured officers to Shermanway and Laurel Canyon.
Take all injured officers to Shermanway and Gold Canyon.
They have a CP set up for all the injured officers Shermanway and Laurel Canyon.
The FBI, the suspect is prone down.
He may be shooting underneath the vehicle towards officers.
This officer is prone down and possibly shooting at the officers from under the officers from under the officer.
vehicle on archwood between Radford and Hines.
Hey guys, just close off the square block area.
Don't let any traffic through.
L40 be advised any units we have here are unusable.
The black and white are all blown up.
All the black and white at the location are unusable.
They have shots fired.
Single 14 VIII, suspect in our custody.
What do they need?
A black and white shoulder?
One suspect in custody.
One suspect in custody.
The subject on Archwood is in custody.
Citizen reporting possible suspect hiding on a porch, 11805 Archwood, 11805 Archwood,
11805 Archwood, a male white with a blue hat, he's hiding on the porch.
W30.
...ascent, Justin, foot up, that's body over type out there.
One suspect is still at 118.O5, Archwood.
Income, 30, I need a...
One unit for a civilian down at 5,700 Borrella.
Repeating possible suspect, 11805, Archwood.
Male white wearing a blue hat, he's a possible suspect.
What happened with a blue truck is?
A brown truck is off the car.
Does anyone know where the brown truck is?
The RSB notified for the civilian down.
The truck is over here with the Metro officer.
Metro has the blue truck.
Where's the white vehicle?
With the Metro officers also.
Metro is with the white vehicle also.
Yes, such to escape the perimeter.
There's only one suspect in the custody.
W.10 now, now two suspects.
City down, 3.08, exit 6.0.
1 just behind the bank.
One suspect on Ardwood is not in the Bank of America.
You know regarding a suspect possibly escape the perimeter.
Repeat your message.
15W10.
One agency on Ardwood is just behind the bank, not at the bank.
There's one in custody at the bank.
Okay.
Okay.
to control.
Be advised there's two suspects in custody.
One is on Archwood and Agnes and one is on Archwood between Radford and Hyde.
Both those two suspects are in custody.
Metro has one in custody and North Hollywood have another one in custody.
Roger, the location of the other sensitive.
Make sure the suspect's similar to the command post.
The ones are in testing or you're not through the command post.
Stay clear.
Is there any way to get a call back to that?
One suspect in custody, Archwood and Agnes, one on Archwood between Radford
Inns, are there any outstanding suspect?
In Wisconsin, we have...
Archwood and Agnes.
We need an Arnard in this location.
Roger.
Arrade to control.
I advise the bank still needs to be cleared.
Ayrid, advise the bank still needs to be cleared.
We have R&R to Archwood and Agnes.
