911, what are you reporting?
We just witnessed a shooting on 3rd Avenue and Nickerson.
Third and Nickerson?
How many minutes ago was it?
30 seconds ago.
Was this 3th Avenue North or 3 Avenue West?
3rd Avenue West.
3rd Avenue West.
30 seconds ago.
Who had a gun?
Was it a male or female?
A male and a cap of some support.
Radio.
Radio shooting that just occurred at 3rd Avenue West and West Nickerson Street.
Caller says 30 seconds ago.
What did you see the guy do with the gun?
Who, was somebody shot?
He just walked up behind this guy.
Was somebody shot?
Was somebody shot?
Yes.
Get fire on the line.
Stay on the line, ma'am.
Stay on the line for just a second.
We're on the line for just a second.
We're on the line.
Let me talk to the dispatchers,
hold on.
Fire and medic one.
What's the other?
This is radio. We have a shooting at 3 Avenue West and West Nickerson Street.
Collar says you saw a male shoot another person. I wanted to screen this with you.
Okay. Where's the person that was not?
Ma'am.
They lay on the ground.
That looks like he's still arming on the ground, but I can't tell.
Okay. Do we have any?
Security just arrived. Okay.
Okay. You campus security just arrived. Listen to me. We need to know where the shooter is. Is he on foot?
Is he on foot? Did he leave in a car?
He was on foot.
What race was he?
I don't know.
Ma'am, does anybody have a description where we need to know who we're looking for and we've got lots of help on the way?
Can anybody identify?
He had a, he was about five foot nine, he was maybe 140 pounds.
He was about get a plaid shirt on over a white t-shirt.
He was wearing jeans.
He was had kind of a...
He had pretty dark hair and he was wearing glasses.
Okay, is he white male, blackmail?
He's a white male.
Is that how old?
Probably between 25 and 30.
What direction did he go?
I didn't see that.
Okay.
We were going in the opposite direction when he had to be shot by.
Was he on foot or in a vehicle?
It looked.
I thought he got out of a vehicle, but he just came across the street.
He was on the east side of the street.
He walked across to the west side.
And you said you thought he got out of a vehicle?
Did you see a vehicle, sir?
I didn't see that he got out of a vehicle.
All I saw was he crawled the street.
And you didn't see which way he actually went, correct?
After that, he looked like he reloaded and just went.
I couldn't see where he went.
Tell you true.
We were going in the opposite direction.
I know which direction, okay.
And the victim that's down on the ground, this is a male?
I can't see.
The campus security officers are dealing with it right now.
Right, no, I can see the threat on this.
I'm just trying to get as much information as far as what you saw, just so I know.
There were two people standing there and this guy walked up behind one of them,
lifted his rifle and shot directly into the back of the person's head.
Okay, so you said it was a rifle like a long gun, not a handgun?
It was a shotgun.
It was a shotgun.
Sir, sir, sir, did you say it was a shotgun?
I believe it was a shotgun with a ribbed upper section to the gun.
Yeah, it had an odd rib shape.
on the long barrel.
Are you going to still there?
Yes, we're still here.
Okay, no, what I'm saying is, are you still at the scene or did you leave?
Yes, we're still at the scene.
Okay, and you still nobody...
In the car.
You have no idea where the suspect went.
Nobody saw which way he went?
I did not, actually.
Okay.
We passed it and then turned around and came back, so...
Oh, you did. Okay.
We didn't see where he went, because we were already passed.
Okay.
we're unseen and staged okay okay everyone's there sir thank you so much we appreciate
this okay you can go ahead and just stay there they're gonna come talk to if they need to
okay just need your phone open and available if they need to contact you okay okay
okay thank you guys so much I'm glad you're safe thank you thank you thank you
