and has been missing since 7 o'clock this morning, and her husband and her are in the middle
of a divorce, and I'm not sure what the protocol would be, but she supposedly went up for a run
this morning at 7 o'clock in Lockmere, and no one has heard from her.
She was supposed to be at my house at 8, and I'm just because of the situation with the divorce,
I just was wondering if you can help, I don't know what I should do.
I just called Wake Med, and she has not been admitted on any emergent basis, so.
I was just wondering if anything, if someone can tell me if anything might have, I don't know, an accident or if you have any recommendations for me, I've had to proceed here.
Okay.
Just a moment.
May I place you on hold for just a moment?
Yep.
Thank you.
That's correct.
All right.
And what is your friend's name?
Her name is Nancy Cooper.
What is her address?
The husband and her are living together, but they are in the middle of a divorce.
And he is, um, okay.
Hold on.
Cooper, hold on one second.
No problem.
All right.
And you've tried making contact with her as well?
So, okay.
The situation is as follows.
According to her husband, when I called this morning at about nine,
that he said that she had left this morning for run early, he believed with her
friend, Carrie, and normal, but apparently she's still not returned, and the situation is just
a little bit, she should have been here, she was expected here no later than not hysterical
because she's also now having the same thought that I am about her husband, maybe that he's
done something, and I don't, I mean, God forbid, but.
Has he been violent with her in the past?
Well, we, he's definitely been, I don't know that he's been physically violent,
but I know there's been a lot of tension.
And so I, you know, wouldn't be surprised.
I hate to say it, but I, I'm just, I'm not sure what to do.
Okay.
Is it possible that she might have done something else and possibly forgotten?
Oh, yeah, I mean, of course, but the thing that's strange is that her car is parked in the driveway at home, and her cell phone is there.
And, you know, it's looking as if she did, in fact, leave the house for a run this morning, she may well have done so, you know, on her own.
So, of course, there may be a risk that something happened.
I mean, she is a runner, and so legitimately, you know, she's been training for a half marathon that something could have gone wrong.
I thought maybe if she hurt herself.
And you said she was supposed to be running with somebody else?
Well, this is what her husband said.
I was not aware of her running with any friend this morning.
But it doesn't really make any sense.
She definitely has had two scheduled.
She would have made contact with either me or her other friends by now
who both had expected her today.
And the fact that her car is still at home and her cell phone is there
is a little weird.
You know, that would not make sense.
So as of right now, I think basically the information we have is that she left the house at 7 o'clock,
assuming her husband's telling the truth, and she's not returned, which wouldn't make it sense.
So like a two-hour run might have been, you know, within reason,
but that would have meant that she would have been definitely home by now.
So, I mean, what can the carry police department do to help us in this situation?
How do we approach, like at what point, at what number of hours, does her husband have to be the one to file?
Like, what's the procedure here?
Just a moment here.
Okay, ma'am, this is what we can do.
We will have an officer go by and the address and speak with her husband and check on the house.
Tall and slender, very pretty, blonde, brown hair.
There is no time limit.
as far as filing a missing person report.
But the person who last seen her is the person that's kind of filed a report.
So it sounds like if she was last seen by her husband at 7 o'clock,
he would be the one responsible with filing the police report.
Okay, okay.
So what we'll do.
And I don't know how he's going to react to this either.
Well, you know what, it's okay.
It's better to be safe and then sorry.
And, you know, I mean, if you're concerned about or this is what I would want my tree friend to do.
Yeah, exactly.
So he did just call me directly to try it in the narrative.
I'm sorry, just be patient.
Yeah, no, it's fine.
I'm going to send somebody out there and stick with her husband and check the residents.
Do you know around Lockmere Lake or is there a trail around Locker?
Yeah, that's the thing I was trying to think about what run,
but I'm pretty confident that any of the trails that she would take.
I mean, I've run them with her before.
Okay.
You know, they come in and off of Locker,
or drive, which means it's a pretty public, I mean, I guess it is possible that someone, you know,
maybe I'll go just start running the trails because, you know, there are some that are further
off the beaten path.
Yeah, let me go, let me do the couple of things that we're going to do.
Okay.
Give me about 30, you know, 45 minutes to work with this and then call me back.
Okay.
My name is Michelle.
Thank you, Michelle.
Okay.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
