Honey, 911, Maddox. Is this an emergency?
Yes, it is, honey. I'm coming to 29, and I'm coming back towards Fosters,
and I just ran a car just coming down the wrong lane.
Okay, are you going towards Fosters?
Yeah, but I'm turning around so I can catch up with this guy to see what's going on.
Okay, ma'am. Were you going towards Winsburg?
I'm coming back towards Ruffberg now, yes, ma'am, and he's in the wrong lane.
I'm going southbound, and he's in the northbound lane, going southbound.
Do you know where he is right now?
I'm kind of, I don't want to see, honey, I turned around, I'm turned back down towards Apple Market.
Let me see if I can catch up and see.
I'm going to put him head on.
I took off one off on Saturday, ready to steer me to death.
He's in the northbound lane going south.
Honey, I don't know.
He's coming so fast at me.
I just got papered.
I did not see him.
You see old Bambino's restaurant, and, yeah, and I don't see him once he turned.
I see him in the other lane.
Truck stop.
He is still on the other lane.
He's still in the other lane.
He's going on up.
I'm flying.
I'm doing 70.
I passed on the other lane going the wrong direction.
Okay, so you see him now pass to the truck stop?
I'm watching my speed too.
My rate is speed, Nikki.
Ma'am.
I am and he has seen that he's flying.
I will Brown's Market at Brownsville Road and he is still in the other lane.
So what's out.
All right, so he's going.
southbound in the northbound lane.
Well, I've come on the Exxon, the little Exxon down here.
Bridgeview Market?
Yes, and he's still in the other lane over there on the other side of the highway.
Hang on, I'm feeling seven.
He's in the northbound lane going south.
He's called 4,000.
Yes, I'm sorry.
Yes, I just got that my thing's confused because I got turned around.
Yeah, we're coming up on Merringhill Road.
It is a dark car, four-door, and he is sealed.
Going on the out of our area, like it's not that it looks like a price food.
One of those, I can't tell.
We're coming from the old Eddington, Charlott Park,
almost at Kelly's store, and he is still getting it in the other lane.
Coming up on Kelly's market.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, man, and he's still in the...
I'm going towards Vanville, and he's going toward Vanville and he's going toward Vanville in the other side.
Okay.
And he flowed down a little bit, but he hasn't.
come on the uh you're here at kelly's market now market yeah he looks like he's slowing down trying
to turn us what he's on he's going on it's a blackboard or i mean i can't tell but he's going to hit
somebody we're we got him on the way to you okay what kind of vehicle are you in i'm in a green
i'm in a green trailblazer and traffic is just getting out of the way okay i'm doing about
60 now. That's that what he's going to go, because I'm on those town's at him. He's got a breaklight out on the left hand side, on the driver's side. It looks like it's been broke or something because it's showing a white light back there. All right. We're coming up on. I guess it's Marinsville Road would be to the right. Or Marisville Road to the left. We'll come on that.
Like that's at the Dearborn Road.
Dearborn Road. Yes, ma'am. It's on the right. Marisville will be on the left. What's up on Dearborn Road.
Yes, ma'am.
And he's just going on like it's nothing.
He has got to be completely drunk.
But I'm telling him he's always a road.
And if it wouldn't have been a quick reaction, it had been an accident.
He's a green trail blazer.
Yes, I'm a green trail blazer.
We're coming on Marysville Road now, sugar.
Coming up on Marysville.
Yeah, there's traffic coming.
Oh, God.
I hope these people see him.
He is from the right length to the left length.
All right, we're passing Marysville Road now.
And he's still going.
See, I don't know these four roads.
I'm from the area about...
East Wind, East Ward Road or something.
We're passing.
You're passing what?
Let me see if I can get a little.
That's helpful.
Penu Baptist, sir.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, ma'am.
And you're a newspaper carrier?
Yes, ma'am.
Yeah, the guy down in name you real well.
All right, we're all here at Tenial Baptist.
They're at Penniel Baptist, ma'am.
Yes, ma'am.
As for that right now.
I don't see any way out.
There's more traffic coming.
I'm trying to flag them down.
I'll do my life, so they'll see this crazy guy.
And he's actually hitting the brakes,
so I can't get a bloodshot and Andy's so sweet.
All right, will pass, and you'll basket.
What this is appears on the left.
The gate, I guess, Yates Trucking Company.
Trucking Company.
He's coming up on Apple.
Oh, 734.
Yeah, it's right here at intersection 734.
forward.
He's slowing down and moving up and we've got a big blind spot here coming up.
And I can't see him because of the medium.
We're coming up, we'll be up on dismisses and get around the curb.
He's going to pick up speed again.
I'm doing 65.
I see the store.
I know where the soar is.
That's before in the W country.
Yeah, we're right there in the W country.
Come right now.
Okay.
All right, he's getting in the other.
He's coming back.
what it's doing down. He's slowing down. It's coming on. Yeah. I thought he'll slow down and get
everything in the media. We're here at AlphaVis Motors now.
They're at AlphaVis the motors. Yes, ma'am. He still comes. He keeps flowing down
and switching lanes. He's switching lanes back and forth and forth in the same
mound that he's in. Yeah. Now he's pick up feet again. We drop down to 35 and now he's
picking his feet up again. But it's a dark color. I can't tell. It's a dark gray, dark blue,
a dark black and I can't get a tag because of the way we're situated.
We're at Perkins restaurant.
They're at Perkins now.
Yes, and I'm going to lose me because we're going to get on that stretch down here
without the Vista and I'm not going to be able to be able to see him or not.
Where is somebody close by?
I've got people running codes.
All right.
We're going to help in Vista going to look forward also.
All right.
We're at the cemetery and he's sticking our feet again.
I'm doing 65 again.
Oh, God.
He's slides.
He took off.
Oh, God.
I don't want to go this fast.
I'm at 75 now.
He's flying.
Don't put yourself in danger.
I'm not.
I'm not.
On the bridge, out of river bridge.
What that is on the river?
I'm going to remember.
And we're still going.
I see the cops on top, the bridge.
They need to come down.
He sees them.
He's hit his brake.
I'm going to wait closing.
He didn't see the cops.
I see the cop on the bridge.
He needs to come down.
He said the policeman needs to come down.
She said, yeah, he comes down.
Because he's still running in the other line.
and I'm flagging my license traffic here.
Okay.
The cop sitting on the bridge.
He needs to come on down.
He's still running.
We're coming on each bridge where the cop here he comes.
I see the cop coming now.
Go digital still traveling?
He's still traveling, yes ma'am.
South and northbound lane.
Yep, and he's almost come to a stop.
I think he didn't realize where it's dumb jump.
He said.
I'm trying to try to take that exit right here and turn around.
Okay, where's it at now?
He's in the...
I hear sirens in her сами.
I just said.
Do you know he's got blue light in the back of his car?
He just flashed blue lights in the back of his car.
He's taking the exit.
Tell him he's taking the exit or he's turned around.
Okay.
That's right.
Yes, ma'am.
He's taking that first alphabet to exit.
He had blue lights in the back of his wind shield.
He's taken the first out of that exit right there.
He sure he is.
Road come around.
Get turned around.
They're turning around.
I see them now.
He took that first exit.
But he had blue flashing lights in back at his car, like he was a state trooper.
You know how they had his blister back?
All right, thanks all they got to go get in.
Come on, turn around the exit here.
They turned around.
Are we seeing it now?
I have to see it now.
I have to have the cops are more close to him than I am.
So the police aren't behind him?
Yes, well, I don't know how close there.
He took that first exit, and I don't know where he went, because we're all turning around here.
They're going up on across the bridge somewhere.
They're trying to catch you because they're going towards town now.
Yeah.
They've gone up and taken a left across the bridge like they're going back into where the
they took a right on the exit and they took a left and went back across the bridge.
The holiday end, the holiday compil here is the, I can't think it's a way, I guess it's 712 or whatever you go back towards.
