I'm doing 911.
What's your emergency?
Yes.
My name is Andrew Komkoski.
I'm CEO of the Chief Financial Credit Union Headquartered in Berlin.
Okay.
And I just received a call a few minutes ago from one of our VPs who states that he's a victim
of a home invasion overnight.
That his mom who resides with them is strapped to a bomb as well as him.
And he's instructing me to vacate our brains.
into Britain because one of the perpetrators is going to be accompanying him to clear
up cash.
And I have no reason not to believe that what he's saying or how he feels.
Okay.
Where does he live?
He lives in Bristol.
Okay.
And you need the branch in New Britain evacuated?
I am instructing the staff there to vacate the branch and come to Burland, correct.
Okay.
I don't know who to talk to you.
This isn't a normal circumstance.
I probably need to talk to some officer in charge.
Okay, because you're either going to need to go to New Britain or you're going to have
to go to Bristol.
Did he contact Bristol police about what's going on?
No, he contacted me and he told me not to contact authorities.
I need the phone number.
Okay, let me...
I'm going to transfer me to Bristol, please.
For where he is.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, I was transferred from Burlington.
Yes, I was transferred from Berlin dispatch.
Hey, Karen, can you shut my door?
I'm sorry.
My name is Andrew Klemkowski.
I'm the president's CEO of the Chief Financial Credit Union.
We have a main headquarters in Berlin.
Five minutes ago, I just received my cell phone a call from one of our VPs,
who's the resident in Bristol, stating that he and his mom,
who lived together, is a victim right now of a victim of a
a home invasion overnight.
He states that he's strapped to, he has a bomb, he's sitting in his car in the garage, that
the perpetrators also put a bomb under the mother's bed, and he's instructing me to vacate
our new Britain branch because they're going to come and rob it with cash and that the employees
are to leave. I have no reason, obviously, making this call to believe that this is, in fact,
something is taking place with him. Okay. What's the address, sir, that he lives at?
He lives on Lufkin Lane. Do you know the house number? I do. Hold on.
And have you contacted your new Britain office while I have you there, or did you call me first?
I called the Burlin. I called 911 and got Burlund, so they had me transfer to Bristol first because that's where he resides.
