Interior to bucket.
Go ahead.
Hey, give me a little break on the roof here a little bit.
We got a couple guys working in here, uh, see you tight.
We're on that, we'll shut down for a minute.
Bucket to truck.
Shut it down.
Now, everybody out of the building.
Now, everybody out of the building.
Everybody out of the building.
Let's go. We've got to get them back here to rupture this glass a little bit more.
In turn to command, we're good.
In terms, mail out, mail out.
Bucket to command, the wall of the burning building, south wall is starting to tip in heavily.
POS!
A unit should be evacuating the building.
Any interior should be...
May Day, May Day.
Four firefighters trapped inside the building.
Two, that's declared May Day.
Four firefighters trapped inside the building.
Police player, go ahead.
In here, you're clear.
301 to some 801.
Go ahead, 3.01, go ahead, 3-1.
Copy that 70.
All units on scene are
801 from 803.
Committee clearly there is a Leslie firefighter trap inside.
Letley, Firefighter Radio 14, what's your location?
Any firefighter trapped inside?
Can you give your location?
Fire Center copied.
Firefighter inside is okay, left side trapped.
Oh, hi, 203 to Fire Center.
Left Center.
Can you need me two more?
Ambulances down here, please. Two more ambulances.
Fire Senator Delhi Ambulance.
Delhi Ambulance requesting two ambulances, two ambulances in Leslie, 147 South Maine, 147 South Maine.
Who's Vaughan Grove?
And Dalai Ambulance request two ambulances.
Two ambulances, the Moogne Grill and Leslie, 147 South Maine, 147 South Maine, firefighters trapped inside the building.
Time now on 2921.
And what is the response in there?
One and I'm seeing at this time, sir.
We've got cell check and Myers.
If you can get Shepard 2-03, you have an advise me how many people we're going to need.
I have the availability of four.
Three at this time.
Do you have capability of three of so I'll cancel Delhye?
Correct.
I should have a second one of riding on see you now in a third round and myself around also.
By the time is clear.
Leslie Mason will be respond with three ambulances at 922.
Delhite, same by for cancellation home.
How ambulance you can cancel request for ambulance.
Tell how you can cancel your two ambulances.
Lentine Mason is in route with three.
Cancellum 923.
Do it's clear.
Red 213, you can't continue for standby there.
Not emergency please.
By now.
My murder is 313 to 301.
Senator C-Aid C-13 continuing now to move, please.
Secretary A to C or command?
Senator A to command.
We've got three Mason ambulances, one down-high ambulance.
Command is busy at this time trying to get the firefighters out.
There are four inside that we know of.
You want to stretch about 2-13 up to emergency before we can get ready.
Medi-13, Claire?
Command, there are two guys out.
There are two firefighters out at this time.
Two firefighters are out at 925.
2.13, bomb theater near home.
Senator, no, no.
Got it.
Center to Stockbridge Ambulance Request for Mutual Ambulance Response, and Ledley.
Move Bond Grill, 147, self-nake.
Command.
I say the ambulance and now to respond.
Loose Bar and Grill.
147 South Maine.
147.
Clear the call responding.
One of the call responding.
One of the two.
We are going on.
Okay.
Heavy rescue, bring your crew into the rear side of the building, which is cribbing right by the building.
3-1-1-1-us-out front or out back.
Tettled Firefighter 13, you were trying to speak on the radio.
We're not clarity traffic.
Go ahead.
Pressure down on the red line.
Red line, pressure down.
Okay, you're going to fire sign.
I want to be on scene.
Okay, have all EMS units go to fire.
A unit on FireTek 1.
You want them to all switch fire tech 2.
Is that correct?
Fire sender to all EMS units on South Main.
All EMS, UNICE on South Maine.
Switch to Fire Tech 2.
Fire Tech 2 is going to use for EMS units only.
930.
I'm going to need, down the ambulance.
Bellevue on the east side of the street, clear.
All the MS units responding, again, I'm responding to the east side of Bellevue
on the east of Bellevue Road.
I'm going to inspire that.
I have a lot.
Commission base, go ahead.
Move fire operations in a tax-free.
Fire center, I want all fire operations to fire attack three.
All fire operations move to fire-tack-3, 9-33.
Do you have traffic force, fire center?
Rescue operations will stay on one.
All rescue operations will stay on fire attack one.
Do we need you to send another ambulance down to move by and grill?
Lansing Mason, were you clear?
We're clear on that.
We got one clearing up from Sparrow right now.
I'll send them down.
I'll send out on that traffic.
The ambulance responding from Sparrow.
Just so you know all ambulances are going to be on front.
Fire check two. Fire attack two.
Okay, I'll advise here a second if I'm going to need one of the calls for a night or not.
Clancing, you're trying to dispatch from Leslie on LFTAC 3.
Go ahead, sir.
Okay, kind of curtain down here. Can I talk to, but can I get 40 here?
241 on LFTAG 3. Go ahead.
For the 1041.
When you come in Velvue Street, come past the main four, the first block down.
Come on.
Okay, who am I speaking with?
Posted.
So it's hard for on behalf of Leslie's command.
Just directing you in, okay?
Okay, my question is, you know, if we need to make this a bigger response
with just our station 8.
This is the name of the street I want to come on it.
It's going to be commercial drive.
I'd like to come back.
Your units down on the commercial drive so I can get them back out.
Lansing Macy is clear.
I have a commercial drive.
We're setting an area up here in the street where you can come right in and set your stuff up right to back the building.
Edward 49.
Just respond up front.
They're setting up command there.
Is that one in volume?
Same.
On Tech 2.
Tech 1, M.F on Tech 2, Fire and Tech 3.
Thanks.
Fire center on me.
Stop to the scene.
We are rivaled at this team going to TACC 3, I believe.
Opposives on TAC 3.
Thanks, so it's arrival downtown.
There's any one left with the end.
So, Firefighter 3-1, 309, 2, 301.
One inch and three-quarter and only three people.
Yeah.
Can we get an inch of three quarter of three people to the, uh,
until one side.
Fire operations are suspended until we get people up.
This is that one.
Here, sir, attack, great.
Time minutes, one, clear.
Spero, return, the quires.
301, Sarah.
One eight, fire center, attack.
You just stop at here right now.
Parasage is clear you have five aimless since the new day been canceled.
They have a sole of five stations.
301 fire up.
189 for the center on check.
Parasage is clear.
You have five aimless since you need to have any canceled.
Be strong to stay there.
Bill I-213.
13 is approaching on Bellevue.
We're just looking for commercial drive.
This guy's the B.C. 41, go ahead.
20, hit six-burnton.
East Lansing and Delta, the Metro Tech Rescue has been dispensed.
Thank you, ma'am.
Edward 5085 at Delhi, 2013.
Okay, go ahead.
After you cross Main Street, come to Church Street and then go north on Church Street and you can get in from here.
You're going to be going north on Church and then back towards Maine on Bellevue.
We're at Church and Belvium.
Here to Downstairs Command, how things are going.
We almost found him up here, Billy.
Just give me a minute.
Command to Dennis how.
Fire header.
Stopping the outfit, 2, 20, and fire attack, too.
And the clock's right there.
Not the same.
We're talking 41 for Leslie on LF3.
9.41.
Just an update.
Had 5.
They're down to two inside.
Apparently having conversations with the two.
If you want you to keep going,
and I've got a place here on Commercial Street,
clear out for you when you take her.
First block past May 24 south.
Okay, we're not on about Barnard Road right now.
Okay, I'm sure you'll know when you get off from there, it's Velvey Road turn left,
just come right to Mayn's 4, first block pass, just yes.
Actually, they got a 5-inch late.
You'll probably have to go Pennsylvania Street to the north and cut back over.
They got 5-inch across the main 4 there.
Okay, so you think anyone is on the east side of Main Street.
That is correct, east side of Main Street.
You're going to have to go north, cut around down True Street to get in.
Okay.
Main Street, command of Mordian's 1099, so myself has been trucked 93 in a row.
303.
5. Edward 49. I'm on C.
A few years it still is.
Starts on the bank of 741.
Command of center, A. How things looking?
Command.
189.5 seconds.
Okay, okay.
May it's an ambulance.
All things looking out front.
Fire attack two.
for MSA.
Archer incoming Lansing Ambulance.
Please.
We're actually in NW.
Hey, hey, first on that traffic.
I have Edwards 5085 fire center on fire main.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
I'm unable to communicate
to the maintaining fire rigs coming into the scene.
If you advise them,
if they need to come north of Bellevue to Church Street, south on Church Street, and then
they're going to come in to my location and I'll direct them in from there.
Pressure Informatic to Hurtig on Tech 2.
Floating with line in at the stair.
Tessu 48. Slow down.
Drawing 7 to 302.
See relay for 302, go ahead.
Hydrogen is off.
302.
302.
Firefighter Radio 13, geo-traffic, go ahead.
Yeah, fire, 513, do you have radio traffic, go ahead.
Fire sent an incident command clear.
801, 301.
Find a 301.
301.
Real for 801 either.
Yeah.
