I was injured 911 to state your emergency.
Well, it's not an emergency, but do you know why on one side at the damn drawbridge on 95 traffic can stop for 15 minutes?
Are you calling 911 to complain about traffic?
Alexander Police, remember.
Yeah, somebody gave me a hard time.
I called your number to find out.
I think it's urgent about 22 minutes on the drawbridge when there's traffic going one way,
and I'm in the front car and I can see there's something.
happening on the bridge except the truck and somebody gave me this riot act about the
violation of police. I want to know what there's thousands of cars being held up because of
this stupid. Okay, sir, sir, what's your complaint? You haven't made much sense to me yet. What
is what is your calling about? All right. What's happened is pull up to the drawbridge,
the light goes red. I think it's a malfunctioned because there's nothing happening on the draw
bridge. Okay. Because there's traffic coming, I'm going left-bound on the drawbridge on 14.
And so then there's traffic coming the other way for the last 20 now three minutes and there's nothing happened to going west down.
There's nothing.
What there is is a red light and then there's a drop gate with six-blinking light and there's nothing going on.
No bridge going up.
Okay.
Did you just call 911 interrupt to this?
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, the else that you spoke to was just trying to simply state that 911 is used for emergencies only, not just because you're sitting in traffic.
No, but this isn't traffic.
This is a pretty serious malfunction that's affecting a lot of...
Okay, I understand what I'm saying.
There's nobody dead or killed, but I'm just saying...
It's just creating backup, correct?
Well, yeah, I'd say more than a backup.
This is an ass...
This is an absurdity, is what I'm saying, is what are we doing?
You know, no...
Okay, never mind.
I see...
Yeah, go ahead.
No, well, we're going to...
Go ahead.
No, I don't want to...
I didn't mean to catch you all.
All right, well, who do I...
I mean, do we just...
sit here indescentally while this bridge malfunctioned?
Honestly, sir, we'd have no control over the bridge.
We happen to be a city that borders with the bridge right at the line.
But, unfortunately, we have no control over that.
I live in Alexandria, I'm not even on the darned Alexandria side.
Maybe you can contact VDOT or Maryland's Department of Transportation,
but unfortunately, I don't have any answers for you as to why the bridges stop.
All right.
All right.
