Any units available? Respond to 1181 University Boulevard, 1181 University Boulevard.
Somebody from the Capital One bank calls on a 911 line stating there was a bag in the bank,
and she said, I gotta go, I gotta go, and hung up the phone.
01925.
Time to turn them out.
Yeah, they do it.
Call bail unit.
We're out.
Okay, units.
We're getting another call and they believe a robbery's in progress.
Yes.
Robbery in progress, subject's in the back.
How many do you go to the New Hampshire Avenue side?
Four times 32, we're out on the other side.
Go around the other side.
Got a hostage.
They have a hostage.
Four times 32, start, slot.
Tom 10, start Montgomery County and SWAT.
The right.
33, one the other side.
We got it locked down.
Four-town 30, be advised.
He's got a hostage.
He's got one black handgun, and he's behind the tellers.
Position you're calling in the New Hampshire Avenue, side.
82, we have any outstanding?
Check and make sure there's no back door to the bank place.
I don't think there is.
We have any subject?
Outstanding.
Just one subject.
He's inside the bank has hostages.
Good.
On 10, if we have any unit with a long gun, bring it up.
Four times 12, I got one where you want me.
Position yourself on the university side over here.
Back.
Fort Thompson be advised K-923 and SWAT is on his way from Montgomery County.
Temple.
949.
8.02, you can check with Montgomery County as far as if they have a harsson negotiate the other board as well.
On direct, sir, be advised more units now on the way.
He's wearing a gray hooded sweatshirt. He's inside the bank. He's behind the
with the teller.
With the teller.
Tom Ten, we need someone to debrief one of the hostages.
We have one that just came out.
He's going to tell us.
33 to 10.
Did you see any weapons?
Four times.
32, yes.
We've got a black hand gun.
We've got another CMO.
I think coming to the door.
He's behind the teller still.
Civil.
873.
I'm out.
Where do you need me?
Come up behind my car.
871, I'm out.
What do you need me as well?
You can go on the side by Tony's Day.
Content.
What about that?
Content, have the other units to check.
Apparently, there's three other suspects outside, according to the suspect,
and apparently he has some type of bomb or other destructive device that he put on the counter.
I have one of the houses out here that just came out.
Hello, two almost seen.
And picking this unit inside can give us a better look for.
or description of three outstanding.
If someone to check the parking lot, he said the other ones are outside.
There's only one that we have lived inside so far.
802, let me get the units on the university side of 1100 block.
Do a quick canvas in the parking lot.
I see a black SUV with tinted windows parked on the side of our stopbox.
All right, then, if you have the county in route, if we can have the county units,
check the parking lot here.
Two South said you have out six county units en route
Time 33 we have some PG units out with us on the New Hampshire side
So if you need more on that side let me know
802 a 70 you can all me in the parking lot
Camberton area
82 said you can hold me on the scene I'll be tremendously in the parking lot
I'll be telling you sir
I need a unit to advise where it's the staging area
8.02, repeat that.
I need a unit to advise where it's the staging area.
Contact 802. If you can set up the staging area, I'm outside the door and I got view on the suspect.
8.02, you can have any assistant units coming in.
Have them staged at Kirkland at the 1100 block of Kirkland.
Copy that sermon, Montgomery County Starrett.
I'll be responding over the debrief.
Bobby, sir.
No respect with a hostage. My side. My side.
New Hampshire side. He's got a gun to her head. He's got a gun to her head.
He's on the move. He's got a hostage and he's out front.
Come around this side. Come around this side.
Smoke, smoke went off.
No canine.
Shot fire, shot fire subject down.
Security outside of the bank in case there other suspects inside.
8-0-2, stop-fire boards, shots fired, star five boards.
Sorry.
33 did the move.
Go ahead, for him.
Where are you?
New Hampshire Avenue, Tric.
835 units do we have a direction traveled or closing description
crime time the only suspect we know of is down
we're just to carry in the perimeter right now
okay I'm a long gun dog and blacked out on the team
careful if you want to assist the other units checking the perimeter out here
next to the bank we'll walk over you
8-1 to 802 you
of the hostage over there?
Four times 23. I got it with me.
Okay, where are you?
I'm ready to try to walk over you. I'm going to black town with it.
Okay. Okay, any unit out on New Hampshire, I'm a direct supplier department into
into a lot over here at 76, 776, New Hampshire.
Four times 23 for information.
Four thousand three, go ahead.
So for the hostage, she said there was only that one suspect, the three others, all were a hoax.
He just wanted to think that there were three others.
And there are two items on the counter on the teller line that are in foil.
The hostage didn't know what that was.
Regal was right, 944.
802.
802, right.
Can you go ahead and call it inside the bank and I'll see if you can make a
contact with one of the reps inside, and that's if they can give us a status on the inside.
Gary, sir, 944.
And they don't two back.
We're going to have them come out the University Boulevard side.
We don't want them coming out both sides.
Very, sir, 945.
K-923 on what you're coming far.
K-9-231.
Where was your last?
Make me, stage in there, you're at the bank.
802 for the wrapping units.
You can come in off of Ann Street to Kennewick
and stage at the corner of Kennewick.
802, 804.
Go ahead.
I want to make sure we got a unit going to follow
the ambulance to the whatever household
they're taking the subject to.
You're available to take that task.
801 back, we sent detectives to move.
what happened.
Copy.
802, any contact with the bank rep?
We're calling now, so we're also doing two calls to security as well as inside the bank.
802 back.
Be advised they are not answering inside the bank.
We will continue to try to call us.
We'll call it.
802, the officer magnate.
Okay.
Hey there's two, Officer Magnet.
See if you can debrief the witness you have over there.
See if she has a telephone or a telephone number.
She can contact one of her coworkers so we can get contact in the bank.
Yeah.
Before I'm 202, I just got that information.
They stated that there were only six employees in there and they're all out here now and there are no customers.
So there shouldn't be anyone inside.
Okay, where do we have?
I have five of the six right here.
We're trying to separate them so they're not.
