We're close to Airport 9-1-1. What is the location of your emergency?
We're at the entrance to the airport, south entrance just before the pole who is at the turn.
It's by a south entrance.
Are you by the south U-turn or are you into the...
There's a TSA agent that looks like you're having a heart attack or a stroke or something.
You just rush his truck right and comfortable.
Where are you?
We're on the road that goes into the airport.
Mm-hmm.
Right across from the Caboto thing, just from the very front there, just before the major turn into the, or it turns into it straight away.
Are you on the bridge?
No, we're before the bridge.
Which way were you coming?
We're coming from 360 onto the airport.
Okay, hang on a minute.
Because there's a jurisdiction thing and you said you think he's having a heart attack?
He's doing some of him.
He sloughs and he's trumped over in his...
Oh, I'm right here.
Port Worth Police in 002.
This is Donna with the airport fire department, police and fire.
You're going to have a major accident.
It's going to be coming off of 360 on to...
And Trinity?
Yes.
Okay, we are aware of it.
Okay.
Okay, do you have a subject?
We need these an ambulance here.
The guy who looks like you're having a heart attack.
Yeah, they've called.
Ambulances is on their way as well.
Okay.
Very good.
Thank you very much.
You're welcome.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Fort Worth Police in 002.
This is Donna with the airport fire department, police and fire.
You're going to have a major accident.
It's going to be coming off of 360 on to...
And Trinity?
Yes.
Okay, we are aware of it.
Okay, because we need an ambulance here.
The guy looks like you're having a heart attack, it's not a stroke.
Yeah, they've called.
Ambulance is on their way as well.
Okay, very good.
Thank you very much.
You're welcome.
Bye.
Bye.
Fort Worth Police in 002.
Hey, this is Donna over at the airport.
Uh-huh.
Do you have an ETA for your fire people in that accident?
Um, I don't.
Hang on just a second.
Let me find the call.
It's Trinity, and they're en route right now.
Let's see.
I don't have an ETA, though.
I just know they're in route.
Do you know how long?
I don't know.
I just said they're in route.
I mean, I don't.
Hang on the second.
I don't show, I don't, I just started there in route.
Okay.
Very good.
All right.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
Oh, where, police, in jail three, four.
Hey, this is Amber, at Airport DPS.
That call we transferred earlier on the one car collision with a male subject possible heart attack.
We have two officers out with him now.
He is unconscious with shallow breathing.
I hate to, were we sitting an officer out there?
Do you know where that was?
It was at, well, what did you call it in as?
I didn't.
Trinity and 360, but that's not the location.
It's actually at Eamon Carter, the transition to International Parkway.
Okay, because I've got it at 820 in Trinity.
Is that it?
Yeah, that's it, but that's not correct.
It's at Eamon Carter where it transitions into international.
So if you take Trinity and you take the service road to get onto, you know, like.
Okay, well, Amy said it's a male or a female?
It's a mail.
Okay, well then, hold on, because this is a totally different call.
Okay, I've got one at Airport Freeway and Beach.
Airport Freeway and Beach.
No, that's not it.
No.
Beach doesn't even go on the airport freeway.
I'm trying to see if we've, do you know about how long ago you called?
Yeah, this has been going on for like the last 10 minutes or so.
Okay, and they gave us what?
It was a vehicle accident, one car collision.
It was in the 360 Trinity area with a male subject, possible heart attack.
Let me prior to that address because I'm not fun.
You mean an ambulance?
Well, it is in your guys' area.
We are responding.
We're sending out boxes ourselves because the subject is.
is unconscious with shallow breathing.
Was it going to be a TSA employee.
Are it a hit and run?
No.
What seems like happened is he was having a heart attack, crashed his car.
What kind of vehicle is he in?
It is a 2008 Toyota pickup.
It's a disabled plate.
and let me give you that plate
okay I'm going to have this in the call all over again
because I'm not fine anything
okay the plate is five boy Henry
Charles George
and I've got it at Amen and International
I had to override it because that's address is not in our
geophile but
Amen and International
okay let me see if I get to pull up real quick
it might not because it didn't in our
yeah Amon Carter and International
Oh, it did. Perfect. That means that it's in yours.
Yeah, it's a...
But we are responding. I've got two officers on the scene, one with the patient, one for traffic control.
Okay, is it at the E. McConnell State Highway?
Yes.
Okay, yeah, we've got it.
Okay. Do you know your ETA because we are sending out an ambulance and a quaint because he is unconscious?
He said you're needing an ambulance or you're sending one?
We are sending one.
But I don't know if you guys want to take it over and get MedStar out there.
As a matter of fact, let me go ahead and get Smith-Sty-on-the-line because they're in a totally different area than this.
Okay.
I'm going to put it to call in again.
Okay, Stephanie. It's Amber.
Oh, okay.
Hey, I've got an accident over at Eamon and Internet.
It's Fort Worth jurisdiction.
It was a one-car collision with a male subject.
Gotcha, right there at the intersection.
Yeah, who was unconscious when we arrived on scene
because we just did a welfare check when our officers did.
Gotcha.
He was unconscious on the scene.
Now he is currently conscious but still with shallow breathing.
Okay.
Do you know, is it like southbound to eastbound or?
It is eastbound.
We just found out he's a TSA employee so he was coming on to the airport.
Gotcha, so we eastbound to northbound.
Yeah.
Okay, we're on the way.
Okay, great.
We do have one of our own boxes in-rout.
Gotcha.
But, again, like, you know, the whole jurisdiction thing.
I got you.
Okay, thanks, Stefan.
You're welcome.
Okay, bye.
Fort Worth, do you need anything more?
What kind of vehicle is that?
I can go ahead and update that.
This is a 2008 Toyota.
All right.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, great thing.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
Fortways, police, and drill six-eight.
Hey, this is Amber again, Airport, DPS.
Did I just talk to you?
No.
Okay, well, I just got off the phone with one of your operator.
Mm-hmm.
for the astronaut Eamon Carter and International Medstar is en route,
but we were just advised by my officers on the scene.
We have multiple car collisions now.
Just a second.
