Building fire
Leg Jackson Volunteers
Reuter Chief 2, engine 2, engine 8
Residential fire 3722 Caracas Court
3722 Caracas Court
Fireman 1, Truck 2, Reef 2, Engine 2, Engine 8
Leg Jackson Volunteers, Residential Fire, 37
3722 Caracas court, 3722 Caracas court, cross street of Cornwood, beat 803.
One, Battalion, two.
Go ahead.
You take that on the station 11.
Four got it.
Dispatch, send it to Battalion Freez computer as well.
Truck two, engine eight.
Go ahead.
Captain, we're out here.
Loz swapping his hose around. We're going to be a little bit delayed.
This back to truck two.
Go ahead.
Water information you have on it.
We've got truck two, engine eight, engine two, fireman 1,
leg Jackson, volunteers, and the chiefs.
This is a struck in the unit out of station.
That's engine two. We're having some issues with our computer.
Can you get the name of the road in America again?
To approve, we're following to the house farm, Caracas.
Matt, engine two. We're having issues with our computer. Can you give you the name in America, the street again, for the house fire?
It's going to be 3722 Caracas Court. 3722 Caracas Court. That's old baby, Sir Fred George, to Woodhill,
with a cross street in the car. We have this dispatcher truck to you, send.
May I'm counting it at the round, please.
Chibble.
On the fire truck to you might be trying to look for a hydrant.
For Ron, Frank George, on the west side now.
We've got a fire hydrant at Cornwood and Bentley Drive,
also at Carnwood and Caracas.
I'll see in front of the house right now.
We'll get further up there in a second.
engine a truck two you got a hydrant a caraway and carrockett it's going to be about a 300 yard lay
400 foot left all unit stuff where you are we have an active shooting in progress we have an officer down
I need a eLeon town of MS unit here immediately we have an active shooting happening right now
Ryan back up back away from the scene immediately we have one officer down
And all this was fully involved.
Traffic on this call.
Clear all traffic, emergency only.
The channel.
Except for the first-teen unit.
Everyone stay off the channel.
Engine two, have you cleared the scene?
The engine two, clear scene, Chief.
We've picked up a truck two's company.
We are evacuating the area right now.
T.F. people are away from the thing.
Chief, he's away from the scene, Chief.
We're making our way out to Old Bridge Road, or Bridgewood right now.
Ten, four.
All units, give me a par.
All the units that were on that call, give me a par.
These engine two and truck two has par, no injuries reported, no one has been hit.
They are still actively engaged in a gun battle right now.
Ten, four.
A par on Fred George.
George.
Give me a level two notification.
Command fireman, one.
County EMS is responding with two units. They have been advised to stand back.
Yes, follow your position.
Matt Coe. He's the word you at.
Chief Engine 2 is directly here in front of you. We picked up Truck 2's company in evacuated area.
And we're standing up.
Bittley and Woodhill. Bentley and Woodhill, Army 1.
We got that information against this back.
Bentley and Woodhill. Bentley and Woodhill. We've got a deputy. It's there. Needing assistance.
Does he need medical assistance?
That's ten-four.
You'll mess hadn't arrived you.
Fire med-1, fire med-one, fire-med-one.
Make your way to that location.
Is that secure dispatch, do you know?
Yeah, the L-Yos had fired-med-one at that location.
Should be secure.
10-4, do we have another medic who can get in call with fire-med-1?
Go ahead.
Do you want me to go through?
10-4.
You got with her? You're a medic.
I've got him with me.
We've got a suspect that's walking towards you all's location.
I want to get out that area.
If you would, let's go ahead and just clear the area.
Okay, we have got the shooters in our site.
We're backing off as quickly possible. He is still firing.
Ten for everyone back away from the scene.
Right, right on.
Providing all TFD units to back out the area.
Temple, we got all units out of the area.
They are walking away from the area now.
Command, fire mid one.
Command, fire mid one.
Go ahead.
Advise TPD that the shooter is on the corner of Caraway and this road.
He is on the corner in the yard shooting.
drop away and careback
okay 104
TV's out here on the end
are you cleared
5-8-1 are you clear the scene
fire mid-1
battalion 3
10-4
on the social location
just make sure you're in the safe area
we've got multiple
law enforcement areas everywhere
so just make sure you take area
you're not going to be able to get out of it
just find to step down to hump her down somewhere
10 4
Fireman 1
Make your way down to the
Chatsy's church
LTFD personnel we're staged
in this parking lot
Just got you advised
Seen and Secure yet
LEO just advising
scene is secure
Trying to get people in there now
So that's the subject
At this time
We've been advised that the suspect
Has been down
I've been hit several times
The scene is clear
And we need to go in
104
We will not be able to get any of our units
in here other than fire med one we have no way of getting cars in here there's
cool law enforcement units in the way however whatever you need to do to get in there
you need to get in there suspect is down and secure we got some injury people
one you copy what we're making we are approaching the officer down approaching
the officer down though we need a unit for the uh shooter are they're coming in now
you miss coming in the interest with me now the interest coming in now
Zero three go raucas.
Go ahead.
Lieutenant, we can access off a connector draw if this is going to be too difficult.
Command, farm head one.
Go ahead.
Command is sending to the shooter at the end of the street.
The officer down is directly in front of the house.
It's burning.
Romney is going to go ahead and pull the truck.
If we can get people to close to the plan and walk in,
we need to start getting water.
on this fire it's going to start hitting the 10-4.
I got three as got command.
We're going to try to pull this unit up here.
Battalion 1, if possible, see if we can get some personnel up here.
We've got the truck up here and we can put water on it.
Just bring that.
I don't think we'll be able to get an engine here.
We've got too many law enforcement in here.
I've got a higher and engine right behind.
We're laying alive right now.
Hey, copy.
The engine two is arriving back on scene.
We've been told we'll be attacked.
