Communications, Mrs. Graham?
This is Allison Ward, the principal at Snipes Academy.
We have a dead body right out in front of our school on the grass area,
but we're at the Dorothy B. Johnson location.
What is the address, ma'am?
1,100 McCray Street.
1,100 McCray, and it's a person out there?
Yeah, my custodian is a young boy.
It looks like young men.
and he's done in the body stiff.
But it's right out, like it's right across,
we have a little grassy area right across from the school.
You know, we're on that strange little...
And are you sure to these days?
Well, he kicked him, and he's stiff.
He didn't move.
He appears to be in rigor.
There's blood coming out of his nose.
I mean, I'm not going to touch him,
but I'd say he's definitely dead.
I didn't call the emergency number just because we're about to have kids.
That's okay.
How old does he appear to be?
He looks like he's probably in his, I'm sorry, 18 to 22.
We're right down from the Wilmington Police Department, so, but we don't have a school resource.
And you're the 1,100 McCray?
Yes, ma'am.
And you're the principal there?
Yes, ma'am.
Okay, just down the phone in one minute, okay?
Yes, ma'am, not a problem.
Let me go ahead and get some help, start.
it over there.
Okay.
We're going to need the medical examiner or whatever, I guess.
Do we not have something else that...
Is he a black or white male?
Can you tell him?
He's an African American male.
We're covering the body so that if we have kids come.
Is that okay?
Hang on a second.
Let's make sure we're allowed to touch him.
And he has blood coming from where.
Don't touch him.
Don't touch him.
Where does he have blood coming from where?
He's coming out of his right nostril that kind of ran down his nose.
nose. Okay, yeah, don't touch him. Okay, don't touch him. So can we do, can we step? I don't
know how we're going to. And you say he's stiff? Yes, ma'am. He's definitely stiff. Why
do you get on phone call Marie Barnes Hill and see if we can stop buses up, like maybe up by the boys and
girls'clock? Because until we get this covered, we do not want children getting on the campus.
And exactly where at at the school is he? He's right. When you come around of our front entrance,
There's McRae Street or Swan Street, whatever, is this goofy kind of street that comes around by the Boys and Growth Club.
He's right on the patch of grass across from where we park and where families drop their kids off and that kind of thing.
Okay, will it be somebody there to meet the paramedics and the officer?
Yes, ma'am.
We're standing right out here because we're going to try to figure out how to keep kids from coming on campus until we can at least get this scene secured so they're not looking at this.
Okay, and I can tell you how to do CPR, do you think it's...
No, ma'am, he's definitely beyond CPR, and we have several of us standing here
trained first responders, but he is not.
Okay.
Okay.
Holy cow.
Did anybody see what happened?
No, ma'am, we just...
I came in the dark this morning.
I was here at 5.5.
15, 5, 20, and I pulled them, so the grounds were dark, so I didn't see anything.
My head custodian came at about six or so, did you see him?
So my assistant principal just drove in, you know, and she said there's somebody sleeping out of
from school.
Thanks, Sarah.
We have to wait until they come to the scene.
I don't know.
It looks like something came out of the nose.
I'm on the flip it, police.
You know what we may need some help is Paige is trying to call buses.
It's just maybe stop parent traffic, but I don't think we should let kids or anybody on here until we have this cordoned off.
Okay.
You have an SROs on you?
Call SROs.
Yeah, maybe we can get to lock cars.
That's a good idea.
But we've got to get the paramedics in here first.
Okay, and I'll notify the SROs and maybe they can get over there and help you.
out.
That would be great.
Deputy McMillan is at Virgo and Deputy Curry is ours and I know Sergeant Sears here quite
frequently.
Okay.
And you're at Snipes Academy, right?
That's in the name of the school but we're at the Dorothy B. Johnson site.
Okay, but it's 1100 McRae Street?
Yes, ma'am.
Okay.
Okay, I have everybody on the way over there.
I'm going to go ahead and let you go.
Just keep everybody away from him, away from the area as much as possible.
Okay.
So if they need to investigate the surrounding area, just don't let anybody keep going up to them and walking around that area.
Okay, great.
And they should be there shortly.
Okay, thank you.
If anything changes before they get there, just call us back.
Yes, ma'am.
Thank you.
