12.08 p.m. 45 seconds March 31-2011.
Yeah, I was afternoons and I'm sleeping and I heard my door calling out.
I thought I'm hearing noise downstairs in my house.
Okay, do you believe that somebody's in your house right now?
Yes.
Okay, what do you hear?
I was freaking on my floor.
First, I heard a bang.
Where are you at in your house?
Are you somewhere where you can be saved?
Was there supposed to be anybody in your house?
Okay.
Stay on the phone, okay.
I'm just getting some more information so we came to everybody en route.
And you said no one is supposed to be there?
Okay.
Okay. What exactly did you hear? Is this?
Yes.
Okay. What exactly did you hear?
Cricking across my floor.
You heard somebody walking across the floor?
Are you upstairs or downstairs of your house?
Are you in an upper level of the house or on a main floor?
You're in the upper level?
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay.
What do I hear in the back?
ground.
It's my husband on my phone.
He's telling me to lock the bedroom door.
Okay, did you go lock your bedroom door?
Yes.
Okay, what do you hear now?
Do you hear anything at all?
No, I haven't heard anything else.
Okay, do you have any pets in your house?
Yes, I have a dog, but she's real, she's new, and she's real skittish, and she doesn't
only bark much, huh?
Where's she at?
She's with me.
your dog is with you yeah she's with me and she usually would bounce around if i'm up but you know
she'd get excited but she's sitting real still okay so a dog is in the room with you yeah
and you have your husband on a cell phone also yeah my cell phone okay and you don't have any
kids that would come home or anything no i don't believe so my son has a full day of school today
My little one needs to be picked up, so.
Okay.
I get into bed at 8 o'clock in the morning, and I would sleep,
and I heard my doorbell, and then I heard it knock,
and then I started to go back to sleep,
and then I heard a bang, and not a bang,
there was a big loud flood.
12.09 p.m. 46 seconds, March 31,211.
December would possible be in progress, right in township.
12.10 p.m. 17 seconds March 31211.
12.30, 1237.
Are you able to clear the detail for a possible being in progress?
1230, Grenover National Guard.
Covey 1-835, Brandywine Drive.
Percy, she was sleeping, heard the front door open, no one is supposed to be there.
She mouth from here the floor creaking if someone's walking.
clearing out
