9-1-1 what's the address of the emergency?
Oh, see-we-hold.
Oh, good wine circle.
I need a paramedics right now, please.
Okay, what's the address?
School-le-road, good wine circle.
I cannot give you the address right now.
I need a paramedic to immediately.
Are you at a house?
No, sir.
I'm in the middle of the road, sir.
Please, please.
Tell me exactly what happened.
Sir, I don't know what happened.
Sir, I don't know what happened.
My cousin is waiting here.
I need you to bring a parent right now.
Okay.
What's he doing?
He's just laying in the middle of the road?
Sir, please.
Ma'am, take a deep breath.
We're getting help to you.
I'm just trying to figure out what's going on.
I just need help to me right now.
He's not breathing.
Sir, I really need help right now.
This is very serious.
Okay, do you know what's going on?
Why he's not breathing?
Dad, he's not breathing.
He's bleeding.
He were getting help on the way.
What's the phone number you're calling from?
Sir, please, please.
Ma'am, listen, he has help on the way.
I'm taking his house right now, please.
What is the phone number you're calling from?
Sir.
Sir, come. It's 8, four, three.
Oh, I can't remember the number right now. Just send an ambulance here.
Listen, what is your name?
Sir, my name is Tachina Simmons. I'm trying to tell you that my cousin is laying here. He's bleeding. He's not breathing.
Sir, I really need an ambulance.
Okay, I understand that.
Okay, Jessica. Listen, we have help on the way. Are you with him now?
Yes, sir. I'm looking at him right now.
How old is he?
Sir, sir, he is about 32, sir.
Okay, I'd ask these questions for clarification.
Is he awake?
No, sir, his eyes are open, and he is bleeding.
Okay, is he awake?
He does not have a post.
How can he be awake because he don't have a post?
You need to take a deeper and calm down until weekend notes.
I'm sorry to get loud with you, but I really need to help here right now
because he's not breathing.
He's just bleeding.
Is there a difference?
later available?
Mark.
Okay, well, I am saying the paramedics to help you now.
Just stay on the line and I'll tell you exactly what to do next.
Are you right by him now?
I'm standing right beside him right now, right now.
Okay, listen carefully.
Lay him flat on his back on the floor or the ground and remove any pillows.
Oh, my God.
Keep him flat on his back.
Okay, is he on his back now?
Yes, I got it on his back.
All right, well, listen carefully, and I'm going to tell you how to do chest compression.
Just make sure he's flat on his back on the ground.
He does not need chest compressions.
I believe he's head.
I don't feel a pulse.
Okay, well, you don't believe that we can help him in any way?
I believe that you would be able to help.
I mean, I don't know if you has a faint pulse or not,
but I mean, if you would be able to get here, you might be able to do it.
Okay, listen, listen, they're on the way, okay?
I'm just trying to help you help him until they get there.
Do you understand?
I understand.
Okay, do you want to try to do chest compressions?
Yes or no?
Do you want to try to do chest compression?
I don't know.
Do you want to try to do chest compression?
Okay.
Did he get shot?
I know.
911, what's the address in the emergency?
Hello, this is 911.
Hello.
Help on the line if you can't speak.
Hello.
Um, wait.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
I do the ambulance on good wine circle.
Please, hurry up.
What is the address, sir?
Well, I can't get it.
you the address because I ain't know yet. I just get to the road of driving shot in the road here.
My little niece is here to the road now with me.
Cibby Road.
Okay. Are you in all and on Goodwin Circle?
Goodwin Circle.
Okay, sir.
Please, sir. Bray, you're mad.
Listen to me. I need you to stay on the line with me. I'm trying to get the information to help, but this is not slowing to help down.
Can you tell me exactly what happened?
I don't know, ma'am. I've been in the house. I heard some gunshots.
I saw my little niece drive off from here and she holler and said.
somebody in the road falls down to get she says and she's waiting that right now please
all right okay sir as I said this is not slowing the help down you're saying
your gunshots and now there's a male laying in the road that got shot no I ain't know yet
I wouldn't leave out of that house here because I my wife seen too well okay where what part
of good one road are you on either one that makes it different you'll see the truck
The truck as in, is he in a vehicle?
No, he is out of the vehicle.
He's been on the side of the road.
My little neat stay out there now waiting.
And I understand that me talking to is not slowing the help down.
What kind of vehicle is he beside?
This side of Dodge, Ram.
What color is it?
Gray.
Gray Dodge Ram?
Yeah.
And he's lying on the ground beside the drop?
Yeah.
I see just come up in the road and she was just,
somebody laying on the ground.
Okay, and what did you hear or see other than the shots?
That's all I heard was the shot I was in the house.
And after I heard her holler and said,
somebody on the ground,
I said, well, if you supposed somebody,
because he's down on the ground,
they don't feel like any breathing.
But you're in your house and you're not out there with them, right?
No, I ain't going out here.
That's so, my little niece still out there.
Can you see if there's anybody else around?
Like maybe somebody who shot him, I just want to make sure your niece is safe.
No, I ain't seen nobody else around.
Is your niece talking to us on the phone?
No, she ain't talking to me at all.
She's way over there, and I'm way in the house there.
Okay.
We're talking to someone else in the area.
I was just trying to see if it's your niece.
What's her name?
Anna Mae Smith.
Okay.
All right, sir.
Well, I appreciate you calling and letting us know.
What is your name, sir?
Robert?
Robert, okay.
